normalized: overview
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: overview
normalized: engs
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: how
normalized: design
normalized: amp
normalized: build
normalized: large
normalized: reliable
normalized: maintainable
normalized: and
normalized: understandable
normalized: software
normalized: systems
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: unix
normalized: development
normalized: tools
normalized: let
normalized: break
normalized: that
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: objectives
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: are
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: learn
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: principles
normalized: good
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: and
normalized: documentation
normalized: debugging
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: coding
normalized: with
normalized: team
normalized: programming
normalized: programming
normalized: unix
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: for
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: management
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: few
normalized: weeks
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: are
normalized: crash
normalized: course
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: please
normalized: sure
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: guide
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: assignments
normalized: finally
normalized: you
normalized: join
normalized: team
normalized: other
normalized: students
normalized: design
normalized: build
normalized: document
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: large
normalized: software
normalized: project
normalized: your
normalized: very
normalized: own
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: labs
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: labs
normalized: this
normalized: legacy
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: used
normalized: please
normalized: refer
normalized: canvas
normalized: modules
normalized: for
normalized: assignments
normalized: click
normalized: view
normalized: lab
normalized: bash
normalized: lab
normalized: lab
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: lab
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: lab
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: lab
normalized: tse
normalized: querier
normalized: please
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: assignments
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: notes
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: notes
normalized: wide
normalized: variety
normalized: examples
normalized: are
normalized: available
normalized: examples
normalized: getting
normalized: started
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: shell
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: shell
normalized: continued
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: with
normalized: bash
normalized: introduction
normalized: strings
normalized: and
normalized: stdio
normalized: memory
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: malloc
normalized: malloc
normalized: and
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: modules
normalized: makefiles
normalized: debugging
normalized: with
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: git
normalized: and
normalized: gitlab
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: makefiles
normalized: bugs
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: indexer
normalized: iterators
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: coupling
normalized: routines
normalized: and
normalized: modules
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzz
normalized: testing
normalized: and
normalized: expressions
normalized: networking
normalized: and
normalized: socket
normalized: programming
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: reading
normalized: assignments
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: reading
normalized: assignments
normalized: week
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: commands
normalized: choose
normalized: your
normalized: tools
normalized: well
normalized: giovanni
normalized: asproni
normalized: learn
normalized: use
normalized: real
normalized: editor
normalized: diomidis
normalized: spinellis
normalized: basics
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: philosophy
normalized: just
normalized: few
normalized: pages
normalized: subset
normalized: chapter
normalized: the
normalized: art
normalized: unix
normalized: programming
normalized: eric
normalized: raymond
normalized: the
normalized: strange
normalized: birth
normalized: and
normalized: long
normalized: life
normalized: unix
normalized: warren
normalized: toomey
normalized: ieee
normalized: spectrum
normalized: interview
normalized: with
normalized: doug
normalized: mcilroy
normalized: rik
normalized: farrow
normalized: login
normalized: optional
normalized: minix
normalized: retrospective
normalized: andrew
normalized: tanenbaum
normalized: professor
normalized: who
normalized: created
normalized: minix
normalized: and
normalized: whose
normalized: student
normalized: linus
normalized: torvalds
normalized: created
normalized: linux
normalized: week
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: programming
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: guidelines
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: tools
normalized: are
normalized: your
normalized: friends
normalized: diomidis
normalized: spinellis
normalized: the
normalized: professional
normalized: programmer
normalized: uncle
normalized: bob
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: tools
normalized: carroll
normalized: robinson
normalized: comment
normalized: only
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: cannot
normalized: say
normalized: kevlin
normalized: henney
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: lecture
normalized: extras
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: lectures
normalized: week
normalized: programming
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: guidelines
normalized: don
normalized: just
normalized: learn
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: understand
normalized: its
normalized: culture
normalized: anders
normalized: nor
normalized: comments
normalized: comments
normalized: cal
normalized: evans
normalized: take
normalized: advantage
normalized: code
normalized: analysis
normalized: tools
normalized: sarah
normalized: mount
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: lecture
normalized: extras
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: lectures
normalized: week
normalized: web
normalized: searching
normalized: skim
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: arasu
normalized: this
normalized: paper
normalized: provides
normalized: foundation
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: tinysearchengine
normalized: assignments
normalized: labs
normalized: prevent
normalized: errors
normalized: giles
normalized: colborne
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: algorithm
normalized: and
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: van
normalized: winkel
normalized: write
normalized: small
normalized: functions
normalized: using
normalized: examples
normalized: keith
normalized: braithwaite
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: not
normalized: magical
normalized: program
normalized: walter
normalized: bright
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: lecture
normalized: extras
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: lectures
normalized: week
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: testing
normalized: debugging
normalized: fighting
normalized: bugs
normalized: remove
normalized: retry
normalized: replicate
normalized: and
normalized: rejuvenate
normalized: grottke
normalized: and
normalized: trivedi
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: domain
normalized: dan
normalized: north
normalized: don
normalized: afraid
normalized: break
normalized: things
normalized: mike
normalized: lewis
normalized: finish
normalized: skimming
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: arasu
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: lecture
normalized: extras
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: lectures
normalized: week
normalized: coding
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: verbose
normalized: logging
normalized: will
normalized: disturb
normalized: your
normalized: sleep
normalized: johannes
normalized: brodwall
normalized: code
normalized: layout
normalized: matters
normalized: steve
normalized: freeman
normalized: only
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: truth
normalized: peter
normalized: sommerlad
normalized: section
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: arasu
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: lecture
normalized: extras
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: lectures
normalized: week
normalized: testing
normalized: networking
normalized: berkeley
normalized: sockets
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: don
normalized: ignore
normalized: that
normalized: error
normalized: pete
normalized: goodliffe
normalized: keep
normalized: the
normalized: build
normalized: clean
normalized: johannes
normalized: brodwall
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: lecture
normalized: extras
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: lectures
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: resources
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: resources
normalized: textbooks
normalized: and
normalized: resources
normalized: there
normalized: required
normalized: textbook
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: however
normalized: highly
normalized: recommend
normalized: reference
normalized: manual
normalized: harbison
normalized: and
normalized: steele
normalized: have
normalized: found
normalized: invaluable
normalized: and
normalized: always
normalized: near
normalized: desk
normalized: there
normalized: copy
normalized: reserve
normalized: baker
normalized: library
normalized: there
normalized: may
normalized: copies
normalized: available
normalized: local
normalized: bookstores
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: order
normalized: from
normalized: amazon
normalized: barnes
normalized: amp
normalized: noble
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: recent
normalized: fifth
normalized: edition
normalized: when
normalized: need
normalized: more
normalized: traditional
normalized: text
normalized: refer
normalized: the
normalized: book
normalized: second
normalized: edition
normalized: mike
normalized: banahan
normalized: declan
normalized: brady
normalized: and
normalized: mark
normalized: doran
normalized: originally
normalized: published
normalized: addison
normalized: wesley
normalized: this
normalized: book
normalized: available
normalized: online
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: have
normalized: both
normalized: been
normalized: around
normalized: for
normalized: quite
normalized: some
normalized: time
normalized: unix
normalized: was
normalized: originally
normalized: developed
normalized: the
normalized: late
normalized: assembly
normalized: language
normalized: and
normalized: was
normalized: mostly
normalized: reimplemented
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: early
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: kernighan
normalized: and
normalized: ritchie
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: still
normalized: print
normalized: and
normalized: owned
normalized: most
normalized: unix
normalized: geeks
normalized: not
normalized: because
normalized: such
normalized: great
normalized: reference
normalized: but
normalized: well
normalized: just
normalized: because
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: large
normalized: number
normalized: number
normalized: books
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: variants
normalized: including
normalized: linux
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: unix
normalized: systems
normalized: contain
normalized: lots
normalized: documentation
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: what
normalized: are
normalized: called
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: which
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: manual
normalized: pages
normalized: thus
normalized: hardcopy
normalized: book
normalized: unix
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: really
normalized: necessary
normalized: didn
normalized: own
normalized: unix
normalized: book
normalized: until
normalized: many
normalized: years
normalized: after
normalized: began
normalized: using
normalized: unix
normalized: documentation
normalized: for
normalized: many
normalized: the
normalized: tools
normalized: will
normalized: using
normalized: will
normalized: either
normalized: found
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: will
normalized: supplied
normalized: url
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: welcome
normalized: employ
normalized: your
normalized: favorite
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: but
normalized: beware
normalized: that
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: subtle
normalized: variations
normalized: unix
normalized: tools
normalized: across
normalized: its
normalized: many
normalized: flavors
normalized: and
normalized: distributions
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: department
normalized: servers
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: definitive
normalized: reference
normalized: other
normalized: resources
normalized: papers
normalized: and
normalized: references
normalized: will
normalized: appear
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: identified
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: others
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: like
normalized: please
normalized: let
normalized: know
normalized: and
normalized: share
normalized: them
normalized: with
normalized: everyone
normalized: general
normalized: department
normalized: user
normalized: faq
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: log
normalized: using
normalized: your
normalized: unix
normalized: username
normalized: and
normalized: password
normalized: bash
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: good
normalized: links
normalized: bash
normalized: scripting
normalized: information
normalized: short
normalized: bash
normalized: tutorial
normalized: gnu
normalized: bash
normalized: manual
normalized: bash
normalized: programming
normalized: introduction
normalized: how
normalized: advanced
normalized: bash
normalized: scripting
normalized: guide
normalized: bash
normalized: pocket
normalized: reference
normalized: help
normalized: for
normalized: power
normalized: users
normalized: and
normalized: sys
normalized: admins
normalized: edition
normalized: arnold
normalized: robbins
normalized: short
normalized: and
normalized: useful
normalized: book
normalized: for
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: ten
normalized: bucks
normalized: explainshell
normalized: very
normalized: cool
normalized: website
normalized: that
normalized: lets
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: get
normalized: feedback
normalized: what
normalized: supposed
normalized: drawing
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: editors
normalized: editor
normalized: software
normalized: very
normalized: personal
normalized: choice
normalized: have
normalized: used
normalized: emacs
normalized: for
normalized: many
normalized: years
normalized: extensible
normalized: via
normalized: lisp
normalized: and
normalized: customizable
normalized: others
normalized: prefer
normalized: the
normalized: increasingly
normalized: popular
normalized: sublime
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: told
normalized: fast
normalized: highly
normalized: extensible
normalized: using
normalized: python
normalized: amp
normalized: json
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: both
normalized: excellent
normalized: for
normalized: longer
normalized: sessions
normalized: others
normalized: prefer
normalized: vim
normalized: for
normalized: quick
normalized: fixes
normalized: and
normalized: slow
normalized: ssh
normalized: connections
normalized: the
normalized: editor
normalized: workable
normalized: alternative
normalized: getting
normalized: started
normalized: with
normalized: sublime
normalized: text
normalized: and
normalized: great
normalized: tutorial
normalized: emacs
normalized: tutorial
normalized: emacs
normalized: quick
normalized: reference
normalized: guide
normalized: extremely
normalized: quick
normalized: and
normalized: simple
normalized: introduction
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: vim
normalized: tutorial
normalized: markdown
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: extension
normalized: assumed
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: markdown
normalized: syntax
normalized: which
normalized: provides
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: readable
normalized: markup
normalized: for
normalized: headings
normalized: lists
normalized: italics
normalized: bold
normalized: hyperlinks
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: and
normalized: embedded
normalized: images
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: website
normalized: written
normalized: markdown
normalized: and
normalized: rendered
normalized: with
normalized: jekyll
normalized: many
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: web
normalized: portals
normalized: like
normalized: our
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: popular
normalized: github
normalized: allow
normalized: you
normalized: browse
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: automatically
normalized: rendering
normalized: any
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: markdown
normalized: format
normalized: making
normalized: such
normalized: files
normalized: much
normalized: nicer
normalized: look
normalized: than
normalized: plain
normalized: text
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: edit
normalized: markdown
normalized: files
normalized: any
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: but
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: specialized
normalized: editors
normalized: available
normalized: markdown
normalized: easy
normalized: learn
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: useful
normalized: resources
normalized: online
normalized: quick
normalized: tutorial
normalized: gitlab
normalized: markdown
normalized: guide
normalized: after
normalized: all
normalized: uses
normalized: gitlab
normalized: github
normalized: mastering
normalized: markdown
normalized: tutorial
normalized: github
normalized: markdown
normalized: cheatsheet
normalized: brett
normalized: terpstra
normalized: write
normalized: better
normalized: markdown
normalized: which
normalized: recognizes
normalized: that
normalized: many
normalized: flavors
normalized: markdown
normalized: exist
normalized: markoff
normalized: macos
normalized: application
normalized: for
normalized: previewing
normalized: markdown
normalized: files
normalized: macdown
normalized: macos
normalized: application
normalized: for
normalized: editing
normalized: markdown
normalized: files
normalized: git
normalized: great
normalized: references
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: distributed
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: system
normalized: that
normalized: use
normalized: instructions
normalized: for
normalized: setting
normalized: gitlab
normalized: with
normalized: ssh
normalized: free
normalized: pro
normalized: git
normalized: book
normalized: scott
normalized: chacon
normalized: plus
normalized: the
normalized: website
normalized: has
normalized: lots
normalized: additional
normalized: git
normalized: references
normalized: including
normalized: videos
normalized: some
normalized: interactive
normalized: tutorials
normalized: try
normalized: github
normalized: explain
normalized: git
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: non
normalized: interactive
normalized: video
normalized: tutorials
normalized: learn
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: git
normalized: tutorial
normalized: requires
normalized: ruby
normalized: resolving
normalized: conflicts
normalized: very
normalized: slick
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: gui
normalized: for
normalized: git
normalized: called
normalized: sourcetree
normalized: very
normalized: popular
normalized: the
normalized: excellent
normalized: licensed
normalized: not
normalized: free
normalized: application
normalized: tower
normalized: reference
normalized: for
normalized: common
normalized: gitignore
normalized: files
normalized: tools
normalized: software
normalized: tools
normalized: may
normalized: using
normalized: valgrind
normalized: family
normalized: tools
normalized: for
normalized: dynamic
normalized: analysis
normalized: programs
normalized: quick
normalized: guide
normalized: valgrind
normalized: gnu
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: for
normalized: determining
normalized: what
normalized: needs
normalized: done
normalized: compile
normalized: link
normalized: copy
normalized: etc
normalized: build
normalized: program
normalized: other
normalized: target
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: issues
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: pandoc
normalized: universal
normalized: document
normalized: converter
normalized: gtk
normalized: popular
normalized: toolkit
normalized: for
normalized: creating
normalized: graphical
normalized: user
normalized: interfaces
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: below
normalized: learn
normalized: how
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: gtk
normalized: and
normalized: xquartz
normalized: run
normalized: window
normalized: based
normalized: graphical
normalized: applications
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: servers
normalized: but
normalized: allow
normalized: them
normalized: pop
normalized: open
normalized: windows
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: install
normalized: xquartz
normalized: installation
normalized: simple
normalized: this
normalized: link
normalized: has
normalized: instructions
normalized: for
normalized: installing
normalized: and
normalized: using
normalized: xquartz
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: compiling
normalized: gtk
normalized: applications
normalized: unix
normalized: books
normalized: unix
normalized: amp
normalized: linux
normalized: books
normalized: links
normalized: practical
normalized: guide
normalized: linux
normalized: commands
normalized: editors
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: mark
normalized: sobell
normalized: excellent
normalized: comprehensive
normalized: hands
normalized: book
normalized: linux
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: well
normalized: python
normalized: perl
normalized: and
normalized: mysql
normalized: beginning
normalized: linux
normalized: programming
normalized: edition
normalized: neil
normalized: matthew
normalized: richard
normalized: stones
normalized: really
normalized: good
normalized: book
normalized: covering
normalized: debugging
normalized: processes
normalized: threads
normalized: and
normalized: socket
normalized: programming
normalized: clear
normalized: and
normalized: easy
normalized: manner
normalized: the
normalized: practice
normalized: programming
normalized: brian
normalized: kernighan
normalized: rob
normalized: pike
normalized: great
normalized: classic
normalized: book
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: programming
normalized: for
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: professional
normalized: linux
normalized: programming
normalized: jon
normalized: masters
normalized: and
normalized: richard
normalized: blum
normalized: oldie
normalized: but
normalized: goodie
normalized: unix
normalized: network
normalized: programming
normalized: richard
normalized: stevens
normalized: prentice
normalized: hall
normalized: linux
normalized: nutshell
normalized: linux
normalized: system
normalized: programming
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: window
normalized: system
normalized: from
normalized: reilly
normalized: linux
normalized: devcenter
normalized: com
normalized: unix
normalized: linux
normalized: and
normalized: variants
normalized: free
normalized: website
normalized: listing
normalized: common
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: editing
normalized: unix
normalized: for
normalized: macos
normalized: users
normalized: video
normalized: tutorial
normalized: from
normalized: version
normalized: macos
normalized: from
normalized: lynda
normalized: com
normalized: which
normalized: free
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: users
normalized: homebrew
normalized: tool
normalized: for
normalized: installing
normalized: unix
normalized: tools
normalized: macos
normalized: highly
normalized: recommended
normalized: for
normalized: programming
normalized: programming
normalized: tutorials
normalized: video
normalized: tutorials
normalized: from
normalized: lynda
normalized: com
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: free
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: users
normalized: the
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: andrew
normalized: hunt
normalized: and
normalized: david
normalized: thomas
normalized: addison
normalized: wesley
normalized: things
normalized: every
normalized: programmer
normalized: should
normalized: know
normalized: kevlin
normalized: henney
normalized: reilly
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: fourth
normalized: edition
normalized: gary
normalized: bronson
normalized: very
normalized: good
normalized: book
normalized: for
normalized: learning
normalized: the
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: entry
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: usenet
normalized: discussion
normalized: why
normalized: good
normalized: introduction
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: charles
normalized: palmer
normalized: easy
normalized: read
normalized: with
normalized: lots
normalized: simple
normalized: examples
normalized: skip
normalized: page
normalized: start
normalized: and
normalized: remember
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: comments
normalized: are
normalized: dated
normalized: variables
normalized: all
normalized: lower
normalized: case
normalized: quick
normalized: reference
normalized: cards
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: remember
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: suggesting
normalized: you
normalized: buy
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: books
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: harbison
normalized: and
normalized: steele
normalized: highly
normalized: recommended
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: and
normalized: may
normalized: local
normalized: bookstores
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: examples
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: examples
normalized: click
normalized: download
normalized: args
normalized: arguments
normalized: atoi
normalized: template
normalized: auto
normalized: auto
normalized: buffer
normalized: overflow
normalized: clean
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: http
normalized: fork
normalized: zip
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: http
normalized: zip
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: udp
normalized: select
normalized: zip
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: udp
normalized: zip
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: zip
normalized: combined
normalized: command
normalized: curse
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: deadlock
normalized: enum
normalized: files
normalized: input
normalized: txt
normalized: files
normalized: freadline
normalized: freadline
normalized: function
normalized: table
normalized: zip
normalized: getchar
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprimefunction
normalized: increment
normalized: life
normalized: lifeboard
normalized: txt
normalized: madlib
normalized: madlib
normalized: txt
normalized: madlib
normalized: madlib
normalized: txt
normalized: memory
normalized: memory
normalized: mutex
normalized: names
normalized: makefile
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: namesb
normalized: nosort
normalized: getopt
normalized: nosort
normalized: operator
normalized: overflow
normalized: password
normalized: pointer
normalized: pointer
normalized: pointer
normalized: pointer
normalized: print
normalized: random
normalized: readline
normalized: readline
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: scope
normalized: section
normalized: template
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: makefile
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: seuss
normalized: zip
normalized: shifter
normalized: static
normalized: stringcopy
normalized: strings
normalized: subtemplate
normalized: readme
normalized: txt
normalized: subtemplate
normalized: testing
normalized: txt
normalized: subtemplate
normalized: trees
normalized: zip
normalized: unittest
normalized: unsafe
normalized: unused
normalized: zip
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: programming
normalized: style
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: programming
normalized: style
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: computer
normalized: program
normalized: meant
normalized: for
normalized: two
normalized: audiences
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: that
normalized: compiles
normalized: and
normalized: runs
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: people
normalized: who
normalized: must
normalized: read
normalized: modify
normalized: maintain
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: writing
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: way
normalized: you
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: writing
normalized: paper
normalized: structure
normalized: organization
normalized: word
normalized: choice
normalized: and
normalized: formatting
normalized: are
normalized: just
normalized: important
normalized: content
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: works
normalized: but
normalized: has
normalized: terrible
normalized: style
normalized: unreadable
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: useless
normalized: real
normalized: world
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: teams
normalized: use
normalized: common
normalized: programming
normalized: style
normalized: guides
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: working
normalized: the
normalized: linux
normalized: kernel
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: use
normalized: linus
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: working
normalized: gnu
normalized: project
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: closely
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: chapter
normalized: making
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: use
normalized: their
normalized: gnu
normalized: coding
normalized: standards
normalized: document
normalized: other
normalized: organizations
normalized: might
normalized: adopt
normalized: other
normalized: long
normalized: respected
normalized: coding
normalized: standards
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: netbsd
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: style
normalized: guide
normalized: they
normalized: might
normalized: produce
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: guidelines
normalized: based
normalized: several
normalized: others
normalized: your
normalized: company
normalized: will
normalized: most
normalized: likely
normalized: have
normalized: one
normalized: they
normalized: prefer
normalized: style
normalized: guides
normalized: include
normalized: things
normalized: like
normalized: formatting
normalized: your
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: comment
normalized: requirements
normalized: how
normalized: certain
normalized: constructs
normalized: should
normalized: shouldn
normalized: used
normalized: variable
normalized: naming
normalized: conventions
normalized: cross
normalized: platform
normalized: compatibility
normalized: requirements
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: realize
normalized: that
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: can
normalized: very
normalized: personal
normalized: choice
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: professional
normalized: world
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: seldom
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: privilege
normalized: choosing
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: style
normalized: style
normalized: for
normalized: assignments
normalized: involving
normalized: programming
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: follow
normalized: these
normalized: guidelines
normalized: inspired
normalized: the
normalized: amp
normalized: book
normalized: and
normalized: linus
normalized: avoid
normalized: placing
normalized: multiple
normalized: statements
normalized: single
normalized: line
normalized: break
normalized: long
normalized: statements
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: characters
normalized: over
normalized: multiple
normalized: lines
normalized: indent
normalized: appropriately
normalized: emacs
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: savvy
normalized: text
normalized: editors
normalized: can
normalized: indent
normalized: automatically
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: use
normalized: braces
normalized: for
normalized: every
normalized: nested
normalized: block
normalized: can
normalized: save
normalized: you
normalized: from
normalized: accidental
normalized: nesting
normalized: bugs
normalized: place
normalized: the
normalized: opening
normalized: brace
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: statements
normalized: use
normalized: spaces
normalized: around
normalized: binary
normalized: operators
normalized: except
normalized: struct
normalized: and
normalized: pointer
normalized: references
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: spaces
normalized: between
normalized: unary
normalized: operator
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: operand
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: use
normalized: parentheses
normalized: liberally
normalized: when
normalized: helps
normalized: make
normalized: expression
normalized: clear
normalized: adding
normalized: parentheses
normalized: rarely
normalized: hurts
normalized: and
normalized: might
normalized: actually
normalized: prevent
normalized: mistake
normalized: avoid
normalized: calling
normalized: exit
normalized: from
normalized: anywhere
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: main
normalized: unwind
normalized: back
normalized: main
normalized: using
normalized: error
normalized: return
normalized: values
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: cleanly
normalized: exception
normalized: recommend
normalized: use
normalized: function
normalized: called
normalized: parse
normalized: args
normalized: and
normalized: often
normalized: cleanest
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: function
normalized: exit
normalized: when
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: problems
normalized: with
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: always
normalized: initialize
normalized: variables
normalized: either
normalized: when
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: created
normalized: soon
normalized: thereafter
normalized: initialize
normalized: pointers
normalized: null
normalized: target
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: known
normalized: use
normalized: typedef
normalized: designate
normalized: abstract
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: name
normalized: that
normalized: ends
normalized: person
normalized: car
normalized: queue
normalized: hashtable
normalized: bag
normalized: etc
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: pointers
normalized: use
normalized: names
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: suggestive
normalized: pointers
normalized: spacep
normalized: linep
normalized: endp
normalized: etc
normalized: declare
normalized: function
normalized: prototypes
normalized: with
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: name
normalized: formal
normalized: parameters
normalized: avoid
normalized: using
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: absolutely
normalized: necessary
normalized: restrict
normalized: their
normalized: use
normalized: single
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: keyword
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: using
normalized: goto
normalized: unless
normalized: absolutely
normalized: necessary
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: have
normalized: really
normalized: good
normalized: reason
normalized: for
normalized: using
normalized: goto
normalized: very
normalized: exceptional
normalized: cases
normalized: avoid
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: macros
normalized: define
normalized: macros
normalized: tend
normalized: source
normalized: difficult
normalized: bugs
normalized: instead
normalized: use
normalized: const
normalized: for
normalized: constants
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: real
normalized: functions
normalized: inline
normalized: functions
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: don
normalized: use
normalized: magic
normalized: numbers
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: use
normalized: const
normalized: create
normalized: named
normalized: constant
normalized: const
normalized: float
normalized: use
normalized: const
normalized: wherever
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: indicate
normalized: value
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: change
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: bool
normalized: type
normalized: whenever
normalized: function
normalized: should
normalized: return
normalized: boolean
normalized: value
normalized: variable
normalized: should
normalized: hold
normalized: boolean
normalized: flag
normalized: avoid
normalized: old
normalized: conventions
normalized: that
normalized: use
normalized: for
normalized: false
normalized: and
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: for
normalized: true
normalized: wrap
normalized: calls
normalized: malloc
normalized: type
normalized: specific
normalized: helper
normalized: functions
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: choose
normalized: either
normalized: camelcase
normalized: snake
normalized: case
normalized: and
normalized: consistent
normalized: break
normalized: large
normalized: programs
normalized: into
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: every
normalized: file
normalized: except
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: containing
normalized: main
normalized: should
normalized: have
normalized: corresponding
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: declares
normalized: all
normalized: functions
normalized: constants
normalized: and
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: meant
normalized: visible
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: break
normalized: large
normalized: functions
normalized: aiming
normalized: for
normalized: strong
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: weak
normalized: coupling
normalized: always
normalized: remember
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: writing
normalized: for
normalized: clarity
normalized: and
normalized: communication
normalized: not
normalized: show
normalized: how
normalized: clever
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: how
normalized: short
normalized: and
normalized: dense
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: make
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: commenting
normalized: comment
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: much
normalized: easier
normalized: write
normalized: comments
normalized: while
normalized: your
normalized: intentions
normalized: are
normalized: fresh
normalized: your
normalized: mind
normalized: than
normalized: back
normalized: later
normalized: and
normalized: keep
normalized: comments
normalized: short
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: comment
normalized: wherever
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: not
normalized: self
normalized: describing
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: reading
normalized: assignments
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: style
normalized: commenting
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: comments
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: style
normalized: for
normalized: multi
normalized: line
normalized: block
normalized: comments
normalized: use
normalized: four
normalized: types
normalized: comments
normalized: start
normalized: file
normalized: comments
normalized: start
normalized: function
normalized: comments
normalized: paragraph
normalized: comments
normalized: end
normalized: line
normalized: comments
normalized: use
normalized: them
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: fashion
normalized: start
normalized: file
normalized: comments
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: place
normalized: block
normalized: comment
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: this
normalized: comment
normalized: should
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: programmers
normalized: the
normalized: date
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: was
normalized: written
normalized: and
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: contents
normalized: stack
normalized: bill
normalized: stubblefield
normalized: november
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: definitions
normalized: stack
normalized: class
normalized: includes
normalized: functions
normalized: list
normalized: functions
normalized: with
normalized: brief
normalized: descriptions
normalized: needed
normalized: start
normalized: function
normalized: comments
normalized: write
normalized: header
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: function
normalized: this
normalized: comment
normalized: should
normalized: describe
normalized: the
normalized: contract
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: describe
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: meaning
normalized: its
normalized: parameters
normalized: the
normalized: meaning
normalized: its
normalized: return
normalized: value
normalized: any
normalized: and
normalized: assumptions
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: responsibilities
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: function
normalized: float
normalized: sqrt
normalized: float
normalized: number
normalized: requires
normalized: its
normalized: argument
normalized: positive
normalized: document
normalized: similarly
normalized: specify
normalized: any
normalized: constraints
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: error
normalized: conditions
normalized: and
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: does
normalized: with
normalized: them
normalized: list
normalized: any
normalized: side
normalized: effects
normalized: explicit
normalized: about
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: returns
normalized: pointer
normalized: space
normalized: from
normalized: malloc
normalized: who
normalized: responsible
normalized: for
normalized: calling
normalized: free
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: algorithm
normalized: not
normalized: obvious
normalized: describe
normalized: often
normalized: good
normalized: idea
normalized: also
normalized: you
normalized: borrow
normalized: the
normalized: algorithm
normalized: from
normalized: another
normalized: source
normalized: credit
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: and
normalized: author
normalized: paragraph
normalized: comments
normalized: often
normalized: procedures
normalized: can
normalized: divided
normalized: into
normalized: series
normalized: steps
normalized: such
normalized: initialization
normalized: reading
normalized: data
normalized: writing
normalized: output
normalized: place
normalized: small
normalized: comment
normalized: before
normalized: each
normalized: such
normalized: section
normalized: describing
normalized: what
normalized: does
normalized: end
normalized: line
normalized: comments
normalized: place
normalized: brief
normalized: comment
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: those
normalized: lines
normalized: where
normalized: needed
normalized: clarify
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: don
normalized: overdo
normalized: but
normalized: use
normalized: them
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: reader
normalized: attention
normalized: subtleties
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: align
normalized: the
normalized: comments
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: comments
normalized: for
normalized: function
normalized: begin
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: column
normalized: although
normalized: this
normalized: column
normalized: can
normalized: vary
normalized: for
normalized: different
normalized: functions
normalized: spacing
normalized: place
normalized: space
normalized: after
normalized: keywords
normalized: like
normalized: else
normalized: for
normalized: while
normalized: switch
normalized: etc
normalized: after
normalized: commas
normalized: function
normalized: calls
normalized: after
normalized: semicolons
normalized: for
normalized: loop
normalized: between
normalized: right
normalized: parenthesis
normalized: and
normalized: left
normalized: bracket
normalized: and
normalized: around
normalized: binary
normalized: operators
normalized: except
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: remember
normalized: that
normalized: assignment
normalized: binary
normalized: operator
normalized: usually
normalized: not
normalized: put
normalized: spaces
normalized: between
normalized: function
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: parameter
normalized: list
normalized: array
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: subscripts
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: indenting
normalized: let
normalized: your
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: auto
normalized: indent
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: often
normalized: trouble
normalized: with
normalized: auto
normalized: indentation
normalized: clue
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: syntax
normalized: mistake
normalized: such
normalized: forgetting
normalized: brackets
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: create
normalized: open
normalized: file
normalized: emacs
normalized: will
normalized: recognize
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: extension
normalized: and
normalized: switch
normalized: mode
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: this
normalized: mode
normalized: the
normalized: emacs
normalized: status
normalized: line
normalized: mode
normalized: hitting
normalized: the
normalized: tab
normalized: key
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: cursor
normalized: given
normalized: line
normalized: indents
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: level
normalized: assuming
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: preceding
normalized: non
normalized: blank
normalized: line
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: indented
normalized: correctly
normalized: ending
normalized: line
normalized: with
normalized: left
normalized: bracket
normalized: and
normalized: hitting
normalized: return
normalized: will
normalized: automatically
normalized: indent
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: line
normalized: appropriately
normalized: also
normalized: line
normalized: beginning
normalized: with
normalized: right
normalized: bracket
normalized: will
normalized: indent
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: level
normalized: finally
normalized: typing
normalized: new
normalized: line
normalized: will
normalized: create
normalized: comment
normalized: and
normalized: indent
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: code
normalized: dynamic
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: avoid
normalized: sprinking
normalized: calls
normalized: malloc
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: throughout
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: instead
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: kinds
normalized: things
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: create
normalized: and
normalized: destroy
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: type
normalized: specific
normalized: wrapper
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: such
normalized: type
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: manipulates
normalized: things
normalized: type
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: write
normalized: two
normalized: functions
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: listnode
normalized: new
normalized: void
normalized: listnode
normalized: delete
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: node
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: function
normalized: calls
normalized: malloc
normalized: sizeof
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: and
normalized: initializes
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: contents
normalized: perhaps
normalized: using
normalized: parameters
normalized: passed
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: calls
normalized: free
normalized: node
normalized: both
normalized: involve
normalized: careful
normalized: error
normalized: checking
normalized: code
normalized: see
normalized: example
normalized: names
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: advantages
normalized: this
normalized: approach
normalized: the
normalized: mainline
normalized: code
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: because
normalized: clear
normalized: what
normalized: listnode
normalized: new
normalized: doing
normalized: code
normalized: involving
normalized: malloc
normalized: can
normalized: sometimes
normalized: tricky
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: isolate
normalized: that
normalized: trickiness
normalized: one
normalized: spot
normalized: and
normalized: focus
normalized: getting
normalized: right
normalized: once
normalized: some
normalized: new
normalized: types
normalized: might
normalized: need
normalized: multiple
normalized: malloc
normalized: calls
normalized: our
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: example
normalized: names
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: malloc
normalized: calls
normalized: and
normalized: corresponding
normalized: free
normalized: calls
normalized: can
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: free
normalized: functions
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: function
normalized: acts
normalized: like
normalized: constructor
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: languages
normalized: and
normalized: can
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: newly
normalized: returned
normalized: memory
normalized: initialized
normalized: least
normalized: not
normalized: random
normalized: bytes
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: insert
normalized: debugging
normalized: output
normalized: reference
normalized: counting
normalized: logic
normalized: set
normalized: debugger
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: these
normalized: new
normalized: free
normalized: functions
normalized: and
normalized: immediately
normalized: have
normalized: that
normalized: feature
normalized: apply
normalized: all
normalized: occurrences
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: type
normalized: program
normalized: structure
normalized: although
normalized: allows
normalized: very
normalized: flexible
normalized: with
normalized: where
normalized: put
normalized: declarations
normalized: standard
normalized: layout
normalized: makes
normalized: easier
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: good
normalized: convention
normalized: start
normalized: file
normalized: comments
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: include
normalized: stdlib
normalized: global
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: constant
normalized: definitions
normalized: const
normalized: float
normalized: function
normalized: prototypes
normalized: void
normalized: push
normalized: int
normalized: item
normalized: start
normalized: function
normalized: comments
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: local
normalized: const
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: variable
normalized: declarations
normalized: body
normalized: code
normalized: start
normalized: function
normalized: comments
normalized: void
normalized: push
normalized: int
normalized: item
normalized: local
normalized: const
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: variable
normalized: declarations
normalized: function
normalized: body
normalized: although
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: declare
normalized: variables
normalized: anytime
normalized: before
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: sometimes
normalized: best
normalized: place
normalized: all
normalized: declarations
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: way
normalized: reader
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: find
normalized: them
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: times
normalized: when
normalized: convenient
normalized: prudent
normalized: otherwise
normalized: come
normalized: back
normalized: this
normalized: issue
normalized: also
normalized: good
normalized: idea
normalized: break
normalized: large
normalized: programs
normalized: into
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: stack
normalized: module
normalized: may
normalized: declared
normalized: stack
normalized: defined
normalized: stack
normalized: and
normalized: used
normalized: main
normalized: simplicity
normalized: this
normalized: single
normalized: most
normalized: important
normalized: thing
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: write
normalized: good
normalized: code
normalized: keep
normalized: simple
normalized: william
normalized: occam
normalized: said
normalized: the
normalized: century
normalized: not
normalized: multiply
normalized: entities
normalized: without
normalized: necessity
normalized: simplicity
normalized: has
normalized: many
normalized: aspects
normalized: few
normalized: these
normalized: include
normalized: make
normalized: all
normalized: functions
normalized: small
normalized: coherent
normalized: and
normalized: specific
normalized: every
normalized: function
normalized: should
normalized: exactly
normalized: one
normalized: thing
normalized: good
normalized: rule
normalized: thumb
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: able
normalized: describe
normalized: what
normalized: function
normalized: does
normalized: single
normalized: sentence
normalized: generally
normalized: functions
normalized: occupy
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: page
normalized: with
normalized: most
normalized: functions
normalized: occupying
normalized: lines
normalized: use
normalized: small
normalized: parameter
normalized: lists
normalized: avoid
normalized: extremely
normalized: long
normalized: parameter
normalized: lists
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: parameters
normalized: function
normalized: growing
normalized: ask
normalized: yourself
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: trying
normalized: too
normalized: much
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: too
normalized: vague
normalized: its
normalized: intent
normalized: avoid
normalized: deeply
normalized: nested
normalized: blocks
normalized: structures
normalized: such
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: while
normalized: define
normalized: blocks
normalized: code
normalized: blocks
normalized: can
normalized: contain
normalized: other
normalized: blocks
normalized: try
normalized: not
normalized: nest
normalized: blocks
normalized: too
normalized: deeply
normalized: any
normalized: function
normalized: with
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: couple
normalized: levels
normalized: nesting
normalized: can
normalized: confusing
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: yourself
normalized: with
normalized: deeply
normalized: nested
normalized: structures
normalized: consider
normalized: either
normalized: simplifying
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: defining
normalized: functions
normalized: handle
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: nested
normalized: parts
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: simplest
normalized: algorithm
normalized: that
normalized: meets
normalized: your
normalized: needs
normalized: einstein
normalized: once
normalized: said
normalized: things
normalized: should
normalized: simple
normalized: possible
normalized: but
normalized: simpler
normalized: this
normalized: good
normalized: advice
normalized: for
normalized: selecting
normalized: algorithm
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: great
normalized: many
normalized: extremely
normalized: clever
normalized: complex
normalized: algorithms
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: make
normalized: effort
normalized: know
normalized: them
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: algorithm
normalized: that
normalized: meets
normalized: your
normalized: needs
normalized: for
normalized: efficiency
normalized: not
normalized: shun
normalized: complex
normalized: algorithms
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: choose
normalized: them
normalized: without
normalized: reason
normalized: consistent
normalized: consistency
normalized: can
normalized: come
normalized: many
normalized: forms
normalized: few
normalized: these
normalized: include
normalized: try
normalized: consistent
normalized: numbers
normalized: and
normalized: types
normalized: function
normalized: parameters
normalized: two
normalized: functions
normalized: have
normalized: similar
normalized: function
normalized: try
normalized: give
normalized: them
normalized: similar
normalized: sets
normalized: parameters
normalized: try
normalized: consistent
normalized: your
normalized: use
normalized: loops
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: program
normalized: constructs
normalized: use
normalized: consistent
normalized: naming
normalized: and
normalized: commenting
normalized: styles
normalized: don
normalized: clever
normalized: samuel
normalized: johnson
normalized: once
normalized: said
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: quoting
normalized: him
normalized: exactly
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: something
normalized: particularly
normalized: clever
normalized: your
normalized: writing
normalized: strike
normalized: out
normalized: offers
normalized: many
normalized: constructs
normalized: such
normalized: conditional
normalized: expressions
normalized: unary
normalized: operators
normalized: etc
normalized: that
normalized: make
normalized: possible
normalized: write
normalized: extremely
normalized: compact
normalized: dense
normalized: unreadable
normalized: code
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: features
normalized: but
normalized: also
normalized: ask
normalized: yourself
normalized: will
normalized: another
normalized: programmer
normalized: understand
normalized: what
normalized: mean
normalized: here
normalized: practice
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: important
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: programs
normalized: defensively
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: receives
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: expected
normalized: range
normalized: correct
normalized: datatype
normalized: length
normalized: strings
normalized: etc
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: acceptable
normalized: provide
normalized: appropriate
normalized: message
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: terms
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: usage
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: should
normalized: never
normalized: able
normalized: cause
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: adversely
normalized: impact
normalized: any
normalized: aspect
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: running
normalized: including
normalized: system
normalized: files
normalized: other
normalized: users
normalized: files
normalized: processes
normalized: network
normalized: access
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: function
normalized: parameters
normalized: have
normalized: legal
normalized: values
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: results
normalized: all
normalized: calls
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: the
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: check
normalized: all
normalized: memory
normalized: allocations
normalized: malloc
normalized: detect
normalized: out
normalized: memory
normalized: conditions
normalized: check
normalized: all
normalized: data
normalized: obtained
normalized: from
normalized: users
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: check
normalized: limit
normalized: conditions
normalized: loops
normalized: and
normalized: arrays
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: you
normalized: try
normalized: access
normalized: value
normalized: that
normalized: out
normalized: bounds
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: detect
normalized: error
normalized: condition
normalized: first
normalized: consider
normalized: ways
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: prevent
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: from
normalized: happening
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: place
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: possible
normalized: ask
normalized: there
normalized: way
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: can
normalized: recover
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: there
normalized: reasonable
normalized: way
normalized: recovering
normalized: print
normalized: error
normalized: message
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: short
normalized: someone
normalized: can
normalized: crash
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: you
normalized: lose
normalized: points
normalized: whether
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: future
normalized: job
normalized: required
normalized: compiler
normalized: options
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: programming
normalized: assignments
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: use
normalized: minimum
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: gcc
normalized: compile
normalized: options
normalized: gcc
normalized: std
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: program
normalized: all
normalized: programs
normalized: must
normalized: compile
normalized: without
normalized: errors
normalized: warnings
normalized: these
normalized: instruct
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: compile
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: standard
normalized: display
normalized: all
normalized: possible
normalized: warnings
normalized: and
normalized: issue
normalized: warnings
normalized: any
normalized: non
normalized: iso
normalized: standard
normalized: features
normalized: proided
normalized: gcc
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: respectively
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: need
normalized: add
normalized: other
normalized: options
normalized: these
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: mathematics
normalized: functions
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: include
normalized: math
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: add
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: lab
normalized: bash
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: lab
normalized: bash
normalized: due
normalized: sunday
normalized: april
normalized: this
normalized: first
normalized: lab
normalized: relatively
normalized: quick
normalized: and
normalized: should
normalized: get
normalized: you
normalized: speed
normalized: working
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: basic
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: editor
normalized: and
normalized: small
normalized: shell
normalized: program
normalized: materials
normalized: preparation
normalized: assignment
normalized: what
normalized: hand
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: bursting
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: many
normalized: sonnets
normalized: materials
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: these
normalized: materials
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: assignment
normalized: alice
normalized: wonderland
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: plaintext
normalized: file
normalized: alice
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: txt
normalized: canvas
normalized: credit
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: sonnets
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: plaintext
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: available
normalized: the
normalized: tar
normalized: file
normalized: sonnets
normalized: tar
normalized: canvas
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: unpacks
normalized: into
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: sonnets
normalized: credit
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: curious
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: sonnets
normalized: directory
normalized: from
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: sonnets
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: bottom
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: preparation
normalized: set
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: work
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: already
normalized: mkdir
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: chmod
normalized: rwx
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: these
normalized: commands
normalized: create
normalized: directory
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: prevent
normalized: others
normalized: from
normalized: peeking
normalized: your
normalized: work
normalized: and
normalized: change
normalized: the
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: below
normalized: assignment
normalized: write
normalized: single
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: extract
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: alice
normalized: wonderland
normalized: into
normalized: file
normalized: alice
normalized: txt
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: directory
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: provided
normalized: file
normalized: has
normalized: header
normalized: and
normalized: footer
normalized: material
normalized: added
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: want
normalized: only
normalized: the
normalized: stuff
normalized: lewis
normalized: carroll
normalized: wrote
normalized: write
normalized: single
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: alice
normalized: txt
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: crude
normalized: table
normalized: contents
normalized: write
normalized: single
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: alice
normalized: txt
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: words
normalized: order
normalized: exactly
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: into
normalized: alicewords
normalized: txt
normalized: word
normalized: sequence
normalized: letters
normalized: write
normalized: single
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: alicewords
normalized: txt
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: times
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: alice
normalized: appears
normalized: regardless
normalized: how
normalized: capitalized
normalized: write
normalized: single
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: alicewords
normalized: txt
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: times
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: wonder
normalized: appears
normalized: regardless
normalized: how
normalized: capitalized
normalized: careful
normalized: not
normalized: count
normalized: other
normalized: words
normalized: write
normalized: single
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: alicewords
normalized: txt
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: most
normalized: common
normalized: words
normalized: regardless
normalized: capitalization
normalized: write
normalized: single
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: alicewords
normalized: txt
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: unique
normalized: words
normalized: regardless
normalized: capitalization
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: stop
normalized: words
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: sorted
normalized: list
normalized: stop
normalized: words
normalized: stopwords
normalized: txt
normalized: available
normalized: canvas
normalized: going
normalized: keep
normalized: things
normalized: simple
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: words
normalized: account
normalized: accounts
normalized: and
normalized: accounting
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: unique
normalized: words
normalized: for
normalized: our
normalized: purposes
normalized: though
normalized: fancier
normalized: solution
normalized: would
normalized: stem
normalized: them
normalized: all
normalized: account
normalized: given
normalized: our
normalized: definition
normalized: word
normalized: above
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: account
normalized: would
normalized: appear
normalized: alicewords
normalized: txt
normalized: account
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: latter
normalized: will
normalized: stripped
normalized: out
normalized: stopword
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: comm
normalized: useful
normalized: here
normalized: write
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: called
normalized: shake
normalized: that
normalized: allows
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: search
normalized: for
normalized: word
normalized: all
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: sonnets
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: matching
normalized: sonnet
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: prints
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: sonnet
normalized: number
normalized: colon
normalized: space
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: sonnet
normalized: then
normalized: elipses
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: provides
normalized: too
normalized: few
normalized: too
normalized: many
normalized: arguments
normalized: should
normalized: print
normalized: usage
normalized: shake
normalized: searchword
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: cannot
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: sonnets
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: expected
normalized: location
normalized: should
normalized: print
normalized: cannot
normalized: find
normalized: sonnets
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: status
normalized: write
normalized: three
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: write
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: command
normalized: separate
normalized: single
normalized: line
normalized: file
normalized: shaketest
normalized: run
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: and
normalized: save
normalized: its
normalized: output
normalized: separate
normalized: file
normalized: bash
normalized: shaketest
normalized: shaketest
normalized: out
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: shake
normalized: spring
normalized: cii
normalized: love
normalized: strengthen
normalized: though
normalized: more
normalized: weak
normalized: seeming
normalized: civ
normalized: fair
normalized: friend
normalized: you
normalized: never
normalized: can
normalized: old
normalized: from
normalized: fairest
normalized: creatures
normalized: desire
normalized: increase
normalized: liii
normalized: what
normalized: your
normalized: substance
normalized: whereof
normalized: are
normalized: you
normalized: made
normalized: lxiii
normalized: against
normalized: love
normalized: shall
normalized: now
normalized: xcviii
normalized: from
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: absent
normalized: the
normalized: spring
normalized: shake
normalized: computer
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: hits
normalized: will
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: you
normalized: shake
normalized: love
normalized: what
normalized: hand
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: pipeline
normalized: questions
normalized: write
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: answers
normalized: single
normalized: file
normalized: commands
normalized: txt
normalized: include
normalized: each
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: output
normalized: when
normalized: finished
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: files
normalized: alice
normalized: txt
normalized: alicewords
normalized: txt
normalized: commands
normalized: txt
normalized: shake
normalized: shaketest
normalized: shaketest
normalized: out
normalized: shaketest
normalized: shaketest
normalized: out
normalized: shaketest
normalized: shaketest
normalized: out
normalized: bursting
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: many
normalized: sonnets
normalized: this
normalized: section
normalized: brought
normalized: you
normalized: curiosity
normalized: how
normalized: was
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: sonnets
normalized: directory
normalized: produced
normalized: from
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: sonnets
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: little
normalized: sed
normalized: and
normalized: little
normalized: awk
normalized: mkdir
normalized: sonnets
normalized: sed
normalized: start
normalized: end
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: amp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: class
normalized: poem
normalized: pre
normalized: sonnets
normalized: html
normalized: awk
normalized: printing
normalized: header
normalized: next
normalized: header
normalized: sonnet
normalized: sonnets
normalized: print
normalized: sonnet
normalized: printing
normalized: header
normalized: next
normalized: printing
normalized: print
normalized: sonnet
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: need
normalized: learn
normalized: awk
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: assignment
normalized: but
normalized: interesting
normalized: language
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: lab
normalized: and
normalized: bash
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: lab
normalized: and
normalized: bash
normalized: this
normalized: second
normalized: lab
normalized: focused
normalized: three
normalized: small
normalized: programs
normalized: and
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: they
normalized: start
normalized: easy
normalized: and
normalized: get
normalized: progressively
normalized: more
normalized: difficult
normalized: reminder
normalized: preparation
normalized: assignment
normalized: regress
normalized: chill
normalized: words
normalized: histo
normalized: representing
normalized: histogram
normalized: what
normalized: hand
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: reminder
normalized: grading
normalized: will
normalized: focus
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: including
normalized: consistent
normalized: formatting
normalized: selection
normalized: identifier
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: meaningful
normalized: comments
normalized: addition
normalized: correctness
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: must
normalized: compile
normalized: without
normalized: producing
normalized: any
normalized: compiler
normalized: warnings
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: lose
normalized: points
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: produces
normalized: warnings
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: our
normalized: standard
normalized: compiler
normalized: flags
normalized: your
normalized: submitted
normalized: code
normalized: fails
normalized: compile
normalized: triggers
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: notify
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: opportunity
normalized: repair
normalized: and
normalized: resubmit
normalized: see
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: crash
normalized: preparation
normalized: set
normalized: four
normalized: directories
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: mkdir
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: mkdir
normalized: regress
normalized: chill
normalized: histo
normalized: words
normalized: assignment
normalized: please
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: design
normalized: write
normalized: document
normalized: and
normalized: fully
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: three
normalized: separate
normalized: programs
normalized: and
normalized: one
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: point
normalized: breakdown
normalized: points
normalized: regress
normalized: points
normalized: chill
normalized: points
normalized: words
normalized: points
normalized: histo
normalized: regress
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: important
normalized: any
normalized: quality
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: process
normalized: software
normalized: project
normalized: evolves
normalized: each
normalized: new
normalized: revision
normalized: tested
normalized: against
normalized: thorough
normalized: suite
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: revision
normalized: still
normalized: performs
normalized: correctly
normalized: where
normalized: had
normalized: before
normalized: new
normalized: functionality
normalized: added
normalized: new
normalized: tests
normalized: are
normalized: added
normalized: the
normalized: suite
normalized: write
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: regress
normalized: perform
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: regress
normalized: dirname
normalized: testfilename
normalized: where
normalized: dirname
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: directory
normalized: containing
normalized: test
normalized: results
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: each
normalized: testfilename
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: file
normalized: containing
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: verifies
normalized: the
normalized: validity
normalized: its
normalized: arguments
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: any
normalized: error
normalized: there
normalized: must
normalized: least
normalized: two
normalized: arguments
normalized: something
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: dirname
normalized: exists
normalized: must
normalized: directory
normalized: each
normalized: testfilename
normalized: must
normalized: regular
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: readable
normalized: after
normalized: checking
normalized: its
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: creates
normalized: new
normalized: directory
normalized: whose
normalized: name
normalized: has
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: representing
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: date
normalized: and
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: any
normalized: error
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: then
normalized: runs
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: with
normalized: bash
normalized: redirecting
normalized: stdin
normalized: from
normalized: dev
normalized: null
normalized: producing
normalized: four
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: case
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: testfilename
normalized: test
normalized: copy
normalized: testfilename
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: testfilename
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: bash
normalized: testfilename
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: testfilename
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: stdout
normalized: from
normalized: bash
normalized: testfilename
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: testfilename
normalized: stderr
normalized: the
normalized: stderr
normalized: from
normalized: bash
normalized: testfilename
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: dirname
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: exist
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: renamed
normalized: dirname
normalized: exit
normalized: success
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: any
normalized: error
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: dirname
normalized: already
normalized: exists
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: compared
normalized: with
normalized: dirname
normalized: provide
normalized: brief
normalized: listing
normalized: any
normalized: differences
normalized: the
normalized: simple
normalized: statement
normalized: differences
normalized: exit
normalized: differences
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: differences
normalized: typical
normalized: usage
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: developer
normalized: runs
normalized: regress
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: creates
normalized: directory
normalized: name
normalized: dirname
normalized: subsequent
normalized: runs
normalized: compares
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: test
normalized: results
normalized: with
normalized: those
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: prior
normalized: run
normalized: over
normalized: time
normalized: directories
normalized: yyyymmdd
normalized: hhmmss
normalized: accumulate
normalized: providing
normalized: historical
normalized: record
normalized: test
normalized: results
normalized: exit
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: any
normalized: error
normalized: any
normalized: differences
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: earlier
normalized: dirname
normalized: directory
normalized: zero
normalized: dirname
normalized: created
normalized: successfully
normalized: there
normalized: were
normalized: differences
normalized: from
normalized: existing
normalized: dirname
normalized: example
normalized: suppose
normalized: used
normalized: regress
normalized: support
normalized: development
normalized: the
normalized: shake
normalized: solution
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: and
normalized: four
normalized: test
normalized: files
normalized: each
normalized: with
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: command
normalized: here
normalized: regress
normalized: elsewhere
normalized: the
normalized: path
normalized: start
normalized: out
normalized: listing
normalized: the
normalized: four
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: then
normalized: run
normalized: regress
normalized: twice
normalized: then
normalized: add
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: then
normalized: change
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: finally
normalized: test
normalized: some
normalized: erroneous
normalized: cases
normalized: lab
normalized: shake
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: lab
normalized: cat
normalized: test
normalized: cat
normalized: shake
normalized: shake
normalized: shake
normalized: love
normalized: shake
normalized: computer
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: saved
normalized: test
normalized: results
normalized: base
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: comparing
normalized: with
normalized: base
normalized: differences
normalized: lab
normalized: echo
normalized: shake
normalized: two
normalized: words
normalized: test
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: comparing
normalized: with
normalized: base
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: status
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: stderr
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: stdout
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: lab
normalized: echo
normalized: shake
normalized: rose
normalized: test
normalized: lab
normalized: cat
normalized: test
normalized: cat
normalized: shake
normalized: shake
normalized: shake
normalized: rose
normalized: shake
normalized: computer
normalized: shake
normalized: two
normalized: words
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: comparing
normalized: with
normalized: base
normalized: files
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: stdout
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: stdout
normalized: differ
normalized: files
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: differ
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: status
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: stderr
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: stdout
normalized: only
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: lab
normalized: shake
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: lab
normalized: now
normalized: some
normalized: error
normalized: cases
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: usage
normalized: regress
normalized: dirname
normalized: testfilename
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: usage
normalized: regress
normalized: dirname
normalized: testfilename
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: test
normalized: first
normalized: argument
normalized: test
normalized: not
normalized: directory
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: rename
normalized: base
normalized: permission
normalized: denied
normalized: failed
normalized: save
normalized: test
normalized: results
normalized: base
normalized: they
normalized: remain
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: testing
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: testing
normalized: not
normalized: file
normalized: not
normalized: readable
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: base
normalized: not
normalized: file
normalized: not
normalized: readable
normalized: lab
normalized: chmod
normalized: test
normalized: lab
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: test
normalized: not
normalized: file
normalized: not
normalized: readable
normalized: lab
normalized: note
normalized: above
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: globbing
normalized: syntax
normalized: indicate
normalized: wildcard
normalized: that
normalized: matches
normalized: any
normalized: single
normalized: character
normalized: thus
normalized: test
normalized: expands
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: test
normalized: note
normalized: how
normalized: test
normalized: simply
normalized: prints
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: copy
normalized: shake
normalized: which
normalized: adds
normalized: nicely
normalized: the
normalized: historic
normalized: record
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: test
normalized: files
normalized: not
normalized: important
normalized: regress
normalized: but
normalized: development
normalized: team
normalized: may
normalized: want
normalized: agree
normalized: naming
normalized: convention
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: suppose
normalized: you
normalized: chose
normalized: name
normalized: them
normalized: all
normalized: with
normalized: extension
normalized: test
normalized: you
normalized: had
normalized: saved
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: run
normalized: regress
normalized: directory
normalized: named
normalized: base
normalized: you
normalized: could
normalized: then
normalized: run
normalized: future
normalized: tests
normalized: regress
normalized: base
normalized: test
normalized: just
normalized: clear
normalized: each
normalized: testfile
normalized: contains
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: regress
normalized: script
normalized: should
normalized: execute
normalized: those
normalized: commands
normalized: running
normalized: bash
normalized: and
normalized: providing
normalized: testfilename
normalized: argument
normalized: recall
normalized: how
normalized: did
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: for
normalized: shake
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: run
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: only
normalized: once
normalized: within
normalized: any
normalized: given
normalized: run
normalized: regress
normalized: not
normalized: only
normalized: that
normalized: more
normalized: efficient
normalized: possible
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: within
normalized: some
normalized: test
normalized: files
normalized: might
normalized: actually
normalized: not
normalized: amenable
normalized: being
normalized: run
normalized: multiple
normalized: times
normalized: they
normalized: have
normalized: side
normalized: effects
normalized: like
normalized: creating
normalized: removing
normalized: files
normalized: easily
normalized: possible
normalized: redirect
normalized: the
normalized: stdin
normalized: stdout
normalized: and
normalized: stderr
normalized: all
normalized: one
normalized: run
normalized: test
normalized: and
normalized: catch
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: that
normalized: run
normalized: assumptions
normalized: please
normalized: expect
normalized: that
normalized: dirname
normalized: names
normalized: directory
normalized: that
normalized: could
normalized: anywhere
normalized: not
normalized: necessarily
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: this
normalized: assumption
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: complicate
normalized: your
normalized: work
normalized: please
normalized: assume
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: testfilenames
normalized: name
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: principle
normalized: should
normalized: support
normalized: testfiles
normalized: from
normalized: anywhere
normalized: but
normalized: bit
normalized: trickier
normalized: this
normalized: assumption
normalized: simplifies
normalized: your
normalized: work
normalized: your
normalized: script
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: validate
normalized: the
normalized: assumption
normalized: just
normalized: assume
normalized: please
normalized: not
normalized: assume
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: itself
normalized: regress
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: this
normalized: assumption
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: complicate
normalized: your
normalized: work
normalized: hints
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: date
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: option
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: diff
normalized: brief
normalized: command
normalized: form
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: shift
normalized: built
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: shifting
normalized: file
normalized: chill
normalized: write
normalized: program
normalized: calculate
normalized: wind
normalized: chill
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: temperature
normalized: and
normalized: wind
normalized: speed
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: formula
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: calculation
normalized: wind
normalized: chill
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: temperature
normalized: degrees
normalized: fahrenheit
normalized: when
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: wind
normalized: velocity
normalized: miles
normalized: per
normalized: hour
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: denotes
normalized: exponentiation
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: formula
normalized: not
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: syntax
normalized: input
normalized: input
normalized: files
normalized: stdin
normalized: ignored
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: may
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: arguments
normalized: one
normalized: argument
normalized: two
normalized: arguments
normalized: explained
normalized: below
normalized: output
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: provides
normalized: arguments
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: should
normalized: print
normalized: out
normalized: table
normalized: temperatures
normalized: from
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: wind
normalized: speeds
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: output
normalized: should
normalized: look
normalized: similar
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: with
normalized: nice
normalized: columns
normalized: and
normalized: titles
normalized: chill
normalized: temp
normalized: wind
normalized: chill
normalized: output
normalized: one
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: provides
normalized: one
normalized: argument
normalized: will
normalized: assumed
normalized: temperature
normalized: expressed
normalized: floating
normalized: point
normalized: number
normalized: that
normalized: temperature
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: acceptable
normalized: chill
normalized: then
normalized: prints
normalized: table
normalized: wind
normalized: speeds
normalized: from
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: calculated
normalized: wind
normalized: chills
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: temperature
normalized: only
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: output
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: argument
normalized: should
normalized: look
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: chill
normalized: temp
normalized: wind
normalized: chill
normalized: output
normalized: two
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: provides
normalized: two
normalized: arguments
normalized: they
normalized: will
normalized: temperature
normalized: and
normalized: velocity
normalized: respectively
normalized: expressed
normalized: floating
normalized: point
normalized: numbers
normalized: the
normalized: temperature
normalized: must
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: velocity
normalized: must
normalized: greater
normalized: than
normalized: equal
normalized: the
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: acceptable
normalized: then
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: should
normalized: calculate
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: wind
normalized: chill
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: temperature
normalized: and
normalized: velocity
normalized: only
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: output
normalized: for
normalized: two
normalized: arguments
normalized: should
normalized: look
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: chill
normalized: temp
normalized: wind
normalized: chill
normalized: either
normalized: argument
normalized: out
normalized: range
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: should
normalized: issue
normalized: message
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: here
normalized: example
normalized: chill
normalized: temperature
normalized: must
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: degrees
normalized: fahrenheit
normalized: chill
normalized: temperature
normalized: must
normalized: greater
normalized: than
normalized: fahrenheit
normalized: coldest
normalized: recorded
normalized: earth
normalized: temperature
normalized: see
normalized: https
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: org
normalized: wiki
normalized: lowest
normalized: temperature
normalized: recorded
normalized: earth
normalized: chill
normalized: wind
normalized: velocity
normalized: must
normalized: greater
normalized: than
normalized: equal
normalized: mph
normalized: the
normalized: preceding
normalized: examples
normalized: some
normalized: values
normalized: were
normalized: printed
normalized: integers
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: decimal
normalized: fractions
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: print
normalized: everything
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: you
normalized: wish
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: print
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: one
normalized: decimal
normalized: place
normalized: indeed
normalized: may
normalized: wise
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: format
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: specifies
normalized: temperature
normalized: windspeed
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: may
normalized: specify
normalized: non
normalized: integral
normalized: value
normalized: and
normalized: may
normalized: misleading
normalized: print
normalized: integer
normalized: output
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: two
normalized: arguments
normalized: print
normalized: usage
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: error
normalized: status
normalized: exit
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: terminates
normalized: normally
normalized: exits
normalized: with
normalized: return
normalized: code
normalized: otherwise
normalized: terminates
normalized: with
normalized: documented
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: return
normalized: code
normalized: compiling
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: need
normalized: the
normalized: math
normalized: library
normalized: use
normalized: add
normalized: include
normalized: math
normalized: your
normalized: chill
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: add
normalized: your
normalized: mygcc
normalized: command
normalized: that
normalized: dash
normalized: ell
normalized: emm
normalized: which
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: library
normalized: math
normalized: mygcc
normalized: chill
normalized: chill
normalized: words
normalized: write
normalized: program
normalized: reminiscent
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: pipelines
normalized: explored
normalized: lab
normalized: specifically
normalized: program
normalized: called
normalized: words
normalized: that
normalized: breaks
normalized: its
normalized: input
normalized: into
normalized: series
normalized: words
normalized: one
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: may
normalized: take
normalized: input
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: from
normalized: files
normalized: whose
normalized: names
normalized: are
normalized: listed
normalized: arguments
normalized: usage
normalized: words
normalized: filename
normalized: input
normalized: when
normalized: filenames
normalized: are
normalized: given
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: words
normalized: reads
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: when
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: filenames
normalized: are
normalized: given
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: words
normalized: reads
normalized: from
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: sequence
normalized: the
normalized: special
normalized: filename
normalized: given
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: filenames
normalized: the
normalized: stdin
normalized: read
normalized: that
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: sequence
normalized: output
normalized: any
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: stdout
normalized: should
normalized: consist
normalized: sequence
normalized: lines
normalized: with
normalized: exactly
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: each
normalized: output
normalized: line
normalized: each
normalized: output
normalized: line
normalized: contains
normalized: exactly
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: characters
normalized: word
normalized: sequence
normalized: letters
normalized: although
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: tempted
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: sequence
normalized: lines
normalized: may
normalized: helpful
normalized: think
normalized: sequence
normalized: characters
normalized: note
normalized: possible
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: empty
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: words
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: files
normalized: any
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: stderr
normalized: exit
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: terminates
normalized: normally
normalized: exits
normalized: with
normalized: return
normalized: code
normalized: otherwise
normalized: terminates
normalized: with
normalized: documented
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: return
normalized: code
normalized: hints
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: man
normalized: ctype
normalized: mac
normalized: man
normalized: ctype
normalized: linux
normalized: system
normalized: consider
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: processes
normalized: file
normalized: given
normalized: file
normalized: parameter
normalized: would
normalized: easier
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: one
normalized: character
normalized: time
normalized: histo
normalized: write
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: reads
normalized: series
normalized: positive
normalized: integers
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: and
normalized: prints
normalized: out
normalized: histogram
normalized: there
normalized: should
normalized: bins
normalized: your
normalized: histogram
normalized: the
normalized: catch
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: know
normalized: advance
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: input
normalized: values
normalized: assume
normalized: the
normalized: integers
normalized: range
normalized: from
normalized: some
normalized: unknown
normalized: positive
normalized: maximum
normalized: thus
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: dynamically
normalized: scale
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: histogram
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: usage
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: requirements
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: begin
normalized: with
normalized: bin
normalized: size
normalized: and
normalized: double
normalized: needed
normalized: all
normalized: positive
normalized: integers
normalized: observed
normalized: input
normalized: fit
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: histogram
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: have
normalized: bins
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: should
normalized: appear
normalized: only
normalized: once
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: input
normalized: input
normalized: read
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: whether
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: redirected
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: piped
normalized: from
normalized: another
normalized: command
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: simple
normalized: scanf
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: assume
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: contains
normalized: only
normalized: integers
normalized: separated
normalized: white
normalized: space
normalized: space
normalized: tab
normalized: newline
normalized: assume
normalized: the
normalized: smallest
normalized: integer
normalized: zero
normalized: ignore
normalized: any
normalized: negative
normalized: integers
normalized: there
normalized: non
normalized: integer
normalized: non
normalized: space
normalized: content
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: treat
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: crash
normalized: enter
normalized: infinite
normalized: loop
normalized: should
normalized: just
normalized: silently
normalized: behave
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: more
normalized: integers
normalized: these
normalized: assumptions
normalized: make
normalized: easy
normalized: use
normalized: scanf
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: input
normalized: always
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: assumptions
normalized: you
normalized: make
normalized: should
normalized: documented
normalized: your
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: testing
normalized: procedure
normalized: should
normalized: documented
normalized: your
normalized: testing
normalized: file
normalized: output
normalized: see
normalized: examples
normalized: below
normalized: exit
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: has
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: check
normalized: its
normalized: input
normalized: for
normalized: errors
normalized: should
normalized: always
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: examples
normalized: here
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: type
normalized: set
normalized: numbers
normalized: spread
normalized: over
normalized: three
normalized: lines
normalized: but
normalized: doesn
normalized: matter
normalized: long
normalized: put
normalized: space
normalized: newline
normalized: between
normalized: numbers
normalized: ending
normalized: with
normalized: ctrl
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: line
normalized: that
normalized: sends
normalized: eof
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: then
normalized: printed
normalized: histogram
normalized: nicely
normalized: labeling
normalized: each
normalized: line
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: values
normalized: assigned
normalized: that
normalized: bin
normalized: and
normalized: printing
normalized: row
normalized: represent
normalized: the
normalized: count
normalized: values
normalized: that
normalized: fell
normalized: into
normalized: that
normalized: bin
normalized: mygcc
normalized: histo
normalized: histo
normalized: histo
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: the
normalized: notation
normalized: includes
normalized: all
normalized: values
normalized: such
normalized: that
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: includes
normalized: but
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: now
normalized: watch
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: input
normalized: number
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: range
normalized: histo
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: each
normalized: time
normalized: sees
normalized: number
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: range
normalized: doubles
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: and
normalized: doubles
normalized: the
normalized: size
normalized: each
normalized: bin
normalized: notice
normalized: also
normalized: the
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: labels
normalized: the
normalized: histogram
normalized: this
normalized: notation
normalized: includes
normalized: both
normalized: low
normalized: and
normalized: high
normalized: and
normalized: everything
normalized: between
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: repeat
normalized: the
normalized: doubling
normalized: put
normalized: number
normalized: well
normalized: past
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: bin
normalized: size
normalized: histo
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: here
normalized: example
normalized: using
normalized: bash
normalized: syntax
normalized: generate
normalized: list
normalized: numbers
normalized: and
normalized: piping
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: histo
normalized: echo
normalized: histo
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: although
normalized: scale
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: size
normalized: axis
normalized: not
normalized: asking
normalized: you
normalized: scale
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: count
normalized: axis
normalized: for
normalized: printing
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: lead
normalized: some
normalized: really
normalized: wide
normalized: output
normalized: echo
normalized: histo
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: bins
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: range
normalized: took
normalized: some
normalized: pains
normalized: format
normalized: the
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: range
normalized: indicators
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: row
normalized: using
normalized: fixed
normalized: width
normalized: field
normalized: just
normalized: wide
normalized: enough
normalized: hold
normalized: the
normalized: biggest
normalized: number
normalized: nice
normalized: touch
normalized: read
normalized: man
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: some
normalized: clues
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: make
normalized: simpler
normalized: assumption
normalized: always
normalized: use
normalized: digit
normalized: field
normalized: width
normalized: representing
normalized: histogram
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: array
normalized: bins
normalized: represent
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: integers
normalized: observed
normalized: each
normalized: bin
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: keep
normalized: track
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: size
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: the
normalized: histogram
normalized: you
normalized: observe
normalized: value
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: double
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: size
normalized: and
normalized: range
normalized: but
normalized: first
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: compress
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: bins
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: bins
normalized: you
normalized: likely
normalized: need
normalized: one
normalized: loop
normalized: compute
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: values
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: lower
normalized: half
normalized: the
normalized: bins
normalized: each
normalized: bin
normalized: receiving
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: two
normalized: bins
normalized: counts
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: another
normalized: assign
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: upper
normalized: half
normalized: the
normalized: bins
normalized: again
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: may
normalized: only
normalized: occur
normalized: once
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: scattering
normalized: hard
normalized: coded
normalized: numbers
normalized: around
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: bad
normalized: style
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: bins
normalized: bin
normalized: size
normalized: and
normalized: histogram
normalized: range
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: powers
normalized: what
normalized: hand
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: solutions
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: machines
normalized: you
normalized: choose
normalized: develop
normalized: your
normalized: solutions
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: system
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: responsible
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: submit
normalized: runs
normalized: correctly
normalized: machine
normalized: which
normalized: where
normalized: where
normalized: will
normalized: test
normalized: addition
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: four
normalized: subdirectories
normalized: lab
normalized: must
normalized: include
normalized: two
normalized: simple
normalized: text
normalized: files
normalized: readme
normalized: which
normalized: describes
normalized: how
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: should
normalized: compiled
normalized: and
normalized: executed
normalized: along
normalized: with
normalized: explanation
normalized: any
normalized: assumptions
normalized: you
normalized: made
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: assignment
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: testing
normalized: which
normalized: describes
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: tested
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: including
normalized: test
normalized: inputs
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: these
normalized: test
normalized: inputs
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: should
normalized: included
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: directory
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: testing
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: case
normalized: would
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: include
normalized: testing
normalized: inputs
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: were
normalized: provided
normalized: files
normalized: generated
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: file
normalized: itself
normalized: created
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: macos
normalized: terminal
normalized: choosing
normalized: export
normalized: text
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: menu
normalized: when
normalized: had
normalized: finished
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: commands
normalized: edited
normalized: with
normalized: emacs
normalized: add
normalized: the
normalized: comments
normalized: when
normalized: finished
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: files
normalized: lab
normalized: chill
normalized: readme
normalized: testing
normalized: chill
normalized: histo
normalized: readme
normalized: testing
normalized: histo
normalized: regress
normalized: readme
normalized: testing
normalized: regress
normalized: words
normalized: readme
normalized: testing
normalized: words
normalized: this
normalized: listing
normalized: was
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: tree
normalized: command
normalized: neat
normalized: huh
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: lab
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: lab
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: due
normalized: friday
normalized: april
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: code
normalized: set
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: support
normalized: the
normalized: needs
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: assignment
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: bag
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: hashtable
normalized: general
normalized: notes
normalized: hints
normalized: what
normalized: hand
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: submitting
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: develop
normalized: some
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: that
normalized: with
normalized: modular
normalized: design
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: other
normalized: labs
normalized: most
normalized: notably
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: grading
normalized: will
normalized: focus
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: including
normalized: consistent
normalized: formatting
normalized: selection
normalized: identifier
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: meaningful
normalized: comments
normalized: addition
normalized: correctness
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: must
normalized: compile
normalized: without
normalized: producing
normalized: any
normalized: compiler
normalized: warnings
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: lose
normalized: points
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: produces
normalized: warnings
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: our
normalized: standard
normalized: compiler
normalized: flags
normalized: your
normalized: submitted
normalized: code
normalized: fails
normalized: compile
normalized: triggers
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: notify
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: opportunity
normalized: repair
normalized: and
normalized: resubmit
normalized: see
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: crash
normalized: write
normalized: defensive
normalized: code
normalized: each
normalized: function
normalized: should
normalized: check
normalized: its
normalized: pointer
normalized: parameters
normalized: for
normalized: null
normalized: and
normalized: take
normalized: some
normalized: appropriate
normalized: safe
normalized: action
normalized: assignment
normalized: obtain
normalized: our
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: which
normalized: implements
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: and
normalized: includes
normalized: the
normalized: readlinep
normalized: and
normalized: memory
normalized: module
normalized: your
normalized: assignment
normalized: add
normalized: three
normalized: new
normalized: modules
normalized: each
normalized: which
normalized: defines
normalized: different
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: points
normalized: set
normalized: points
normalized: counters
normalized: points
normalized: hashtable
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: work
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: department
normalized: systems
normalized: assuming
normalized: you
normalized: logged
normalized: into
normalized: system
normalized: mkdir
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: starter
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: using
normalized: scp
normalized: scp
normalized: username
normalized: flume
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: starter
normalized: lab
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: the
normalized: specific
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: are
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: sections
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: table
normalized: below
normalized: compare
normalized: these
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: explored
normalized: class
normalized: most
normalized: these
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: allow
normalized: you
normalized: store
normalized: collection
normalized: items
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: hashtable
normalized: are
normalized: examples
normalized: abstract
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: called
normalized: dictionary
normalized: which
normalized: provide
normalized: methods
normalized: like
normalized: insert
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: and
normalized: item
normalized: retrieve
normalized: key
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: allows
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: distinguish
normalized: among
normalized: the
normalized: items
normalized: stores
normalized: behavior
normalized: list
normalized: bag
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: hashtable
normalized: stores
normalized: item
normalized: yes
normalized: yes
normalized: yes
normalized: yes
normalized: uses
normalized: key
normalized: yes
normalized: yes
normalized: yes
normalized: keeps
normalized: items
normalized: order
normalized: yes
normalized: retrieval
normalized: first
normalized: item
normalized: any
normalized: item
normalized: key
normalized: key
normalized: key
normalized: insertion
normalized: duplicates
normalized: allowed
normalized: allowed
normalized: error
normalized: increment
normalized: count
normalized: error
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: list
normalized: keeps
normalized: items
normalized: order
normalized: but
normalized: bag
normalized: set
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: hashtable
normalized: allow
normalized: you
normalized: retrieve
normalized: specific
normalized: item
normalized: indicated
normalized: its
normalized: key
normalized: whereas
normalized: bag
normalized: might
normalized: return
normalized: any
normalized: item
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: list
normalized: don
normalized: distinguish
normalized: among
normalized: items
normalized: they
normalized: store
normalized: they
normalized: can
normalized: hold
normalized: duplicates
normalized: the
normalized: others
normalized: cannot
normalized: the
normalized: counters
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: maintains
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: each
normalized: identified
normalized: key
normalized: but
normalized: stores
normalized: items
normalized: instead
normalized: keeps
normalized: counter
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: key
normalized: attempting
normalized: insert
normalized: duplicate
normalized: key
normalized: results
normalized: increment
normalized: the
normalized: counter
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: unordered
normalized: collection
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: starts
normalized: empty
normalized: grows
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: adds
normalized: one
normalized: item
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: shrinks
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: extracts
normalized: one
normalized: item
normalized: time
normalized: could
normalized: empty
normalized: could
normalized: contain
normalized: hundreds
normalized: items
normalized: items
normalized: are
normalized: indistinguishable
normalized: the
normalized: extract
normalized: function
normalized: free
normalized: return
normalized: any
normalized: item
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: includes
normalized: our
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: which
normalized: contains
normalized: bag
normalized: implements
normalized: bag
normalized: void
normalized: and
normalized: exports
normalized: exactly
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: functions
normalized: through
normalized: bag
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: empty
normalized: bag
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: error
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: new
normalized: void
normalized: add
normalized: new
normalized: item
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: null
normalized: bag
normalized: ignored
normalized: null
normalized: item
normalized: ignored
normalized: void
normalized: bag
normalized: insert
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: return
normalized: any
normalized: data
normalized: item
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: bag
normalized: null
normalized: empty
normalized: void
normalized: bag
normalized: extract
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: bag
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: func
normalized: print
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: null
normalized: nothing
normalized: bag
normalized: null
normalized: print
normalized: null
normalized: itemprint
normalized: null
normalized: print
normalized: nothing
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: void
normalized: bag
normalized: print
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: file
normalized: void
normalized: itemprint
normalized: file
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: iterate
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: bag
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: function
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: passing
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: and
normalized: argument
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: bag
normalized: null
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: void
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: bag
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: bag
normalized: provide
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: delete
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: may
normalized: null
normalized: void
normalized: bag
normalized: delete
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: void
normalized: itemdelete
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: maintains
normalized: unordered
normalized: collection
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: pairs
normalized: any
normalized: given
normalized: key
normalized: can
normalized: only
normalized: occur
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: once
normalized: starts
normalized: out
normalized: empty
normalized: and
normalized: grows
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: inserts
normalized: new
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: pairs
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: can
normalized: retrieve
normalized: items
normalized: asking
normalized: for
normalized: their
normalized: key
normalized: but
normalized: cannot
normalized: remove
normalized: update
normalized: pairs
normalized: items
normalized: are
normalized: distinguished
normalized: their
normalized: key
normalized: your
normalized: set
normalized: should
normalized: implement
normalized: set
normalized: void
normalized: with
normalized: char
normalized: keys
normalized: and
normalized: export
normalized: exactly
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: functions
normalized: through
normalized: set
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: empty
normalized: set
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: error
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: new
normalized: void
normalized: insert
normalized: item
normalized: identified
normalized: key
normalized: string
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: string
normalized: copied
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: return
normalized: false
normalized: key
normalized: exists
normalized: any
normalized: parameter
normalized: null
normalized: error
normalized: return
normalized: true
normalized: iff
normalized: new
normalized: item
normalized: was
normalized: inserted
normalized: bool
normalized: set
normalized: insert
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: key
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: set
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: not
normalized: found
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: find
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: set
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: func
normalized: print
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: print
normalized: null
normalized: null
normalized: set
normalized: print
normalized: set
normalized: with
normalized: items
normalized: null
normalized: itemprint
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: print
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: file
normalized: void
normalized: itemprint
normalized: file
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: iterate
normalized: over
normalized: all
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: undefined
normalized: order
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: function
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: with
normalized: arg
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: set
normalized: null
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: null
normalized: nothing
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: set
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: set
normalized: provide
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: delete
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: may
normalized: null
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: delete
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: void
normalized: itemdelete
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: counters
normalized: counter
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: each
normalized: distinguished
normalized: integer
normalized: key
normalized: set
normalized: each
normalized: key
normalized: can
normalized: only
normalized: occur
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: but
normalized: instead
normalized: storing
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: pairs
normalized: tracks
normalized: counter
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: key
normalized: starts
normalized: empty
normalized: each
normalized: time
normalized: counters
normalized: add
normalized: called
normalized: given
normalized: key
normalized: that
normalized: key
normalized: counter
normalized: incremented
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: counter
normalized: value
normalized: can
normalized: retrieved
normalized: asking
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: relevant
normalized: key
normalized: your
normalized: counters
normalized: should
normalized: implement
normalized: set
normalized: integer
normalized: counters
normalized: with
normalized: int
normalized: keys
normalized: where
normalized: keys
normalized: must
normalized: non
normalized: negative
normalized: and
normalized: export
normalized: exactly
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: functions
normalized: through
normalized: counters
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: empty
normalized: counter
normalized: structure
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: error
normalized: counters
normalized: counters
normalized: new
normalized: void
normalized: increment
normalized: the
normalized: counter
normalized: indicated
normalized: key
normalized: key
normalized: must
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: exist
normalized: create
normalized: counter
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: initialize
normalized: ignore
normalized: ctrs
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: negative
normalized: void
normalized: counters
normalized: add
normalized: counters
normalized: ctrs
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: key
normalized: return
normalized: current
normalized: value
normalized: counter
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: key
normalized: return
normalized: ctrs
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: not
normalized: found
normalized: int
normalized: counters
normalized: get
normalized: counters
normalized: ctrs
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: key
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: value
normalized: counter
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: key
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: exist
normalized: create
normalized: counter
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: value
normalized: ignore
normalized: ctrs
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: count
normalized: void
normalized: counters
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: ctrs
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: key
normalized: int
normalized: count
normalized: print
normalized: all
normalized: counters
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: file
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: print
normalized: null
normalized: null
normalized: ctrs
normalized: void
normalized: counters
normalized: print
normalized: counters
normalized: ctrs
normalized: file
normalized: iterate
normalized: over
normalized: all
normalized: counters
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: undefined
normalized: order
normalized: call
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: with
normalized: arg
normalized: key
normalized: count
normalized: ctrs
normalized: null
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: null
normalized: nothing
normalized: void
normalized: counters
normalized: iterate
normalized: counters
normalized: ctrs
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: key
normalized: int
normalized: count
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: counters
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: ctrs
normalized: void
normalized: counters
normalized: delete
normalized: counters
normalized: ctrs
normalized: hashtable
normalized: hashtable
normalized: set
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: pairs
normalized: acts
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: set
normalized: but
normalized: far
normalized: more
normalized: efficient
normalized: for
normalized: large
normalized: collections
normalized: your
normalized: hashtable
normalized: should
normalized: implement
normalized: set
normalized: void
normalized: with
normalized: char
normalized: keys
normalized: and
normalized: export
normalized: exactly
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: functions
normalized: through
normalized: hashtable
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: empty
normalized: hashtable
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: error
normalized: hashtable
normalized: hashtable
normalized: new
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: num
normalized: slots
normalized: insert
normalized: item
normalized: identified
normalized: key
normalized: string
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: hashtable
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: string
normalized: copied
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: hashtable
normalized: return
normalized: false
normalized: key
normalized: exists
normalized: any
normalized: parameter
normalized: null
normalized: error
normalized: return
normalized: true
normalized: iff
normalized: new
normalized: item
normalized: was
normalized: inserted
normalized: bool
normalized: hashtable
normalized: insert
normalized: hashtable
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: key
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: hashtable
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: not
normalized: found
normalized: void
normalized: hashtable
normalized: find
normalized: hashtable
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: table
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: func
normalized: print
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: print
normalized: null
normalized: null
normalized: print
normalized: table
normalized: with
normalized: items
normalized: null
normalized: itemprint
normalized: void
normalized: hashtable
normalized: print
normalized: hashtable
normalized: file
normalized: void
normalized: itemprint
normalized: file
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: iterate
normalized: over
normalized: all
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: table
normalized: undefined
normalized: order
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: function
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: with
normalized: arg
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: null
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: null
normalized: nothing
normalized: void
normalized: hashtable
normalized: iterate
normalized: hashtable
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: hashtable
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: provide
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: delete
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: may
normalized: null
normalized: void
normalized: hashtable
normalized: delete
normalized: hashtable
normalized: void
normalized: itemdelete
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: provides
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: hash
normalized: function
normalized: general
normalized: notes
normalized: your
normalized: modules
normalized: must
normalized: implement
normalized: exactly
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: interface
normalized: not
normalized: modify
normalized: those
normalized: function
normalized: prototypes
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: helper
normalized: functions
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: likely
normalized: struct
normalized: types
normalized: those
normalized: should
normalized: defined
normalized: within
normalized: your
normalized: module
normalized: and
normalized: marked
normalized: static
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: visible
normalized: users
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: your
normalized: modules
normalized: must
normalized: print
normalized: nothing
normalized: except
normalized: course
normalized: the
normalized: xxx
normalized: print
normalized: function
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: add
normalized: debugging
normalized: printf
normalized: they
normalized: must
normalized: protected
normalized: something
normalized: like
normalized: ifdef
normalized: debug
normalized: ifdef
normalized: test
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: some
normalized: examples
normalized: bag
normalized: where
normalized: protected
normalized: some
normalized: debugging
normalized: code
normalized: with
normalized: ifdef
normalized: memtest
normalized: and
normalized: spot
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: controls
normalized: that
normalized: flag
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: your
normalized: modules
normalized: must
normalized: have
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: your
normalized: modules
normalized: must
normalized: have
normalized: main
normalized: function
normalized: modules
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: meant
normalized: used
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: recall
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: defined
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: bag
normalized: used
normalized: test
normalized: program
normalized: bagtest
normalized: your
normalized: modules
normalized: store
normalized: void
normalized: items
normalized: this
normalized: type
normalized: way
normalized: describing
normalized: pointer
normalized: anything
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: user
normalized: your
normalized: module
normalized: must
normalized: pass
normalized: pointer
normalized: address
normalized: some
normalized: item
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: your
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: holds
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: returns
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: response
normalized: extract
normalized: find
normalized: operation
normalized: your
normalized: module
normalized: doesn
normalized: know
normalized: doesn
normalized: care
normalized: what
normalized: kind
normalized: things
normalized: the
normalized: items
normalized: are
normalized: your
normalized: module
normalized: doesn
normalized: allocate
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: items
normalized: free
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: items
normalized: copy
normalized: items
normalized: just
normalized: tracks
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: modules
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: responsible
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: pointer
normalized: which
normalized: must
normalized: allocated
normalized: somehow
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: the
normalized: modules
normalized: delete
normalized: function
normalized: like
normalized: destructor
normalized: allows
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: provide
normalized: custom
normalized: itemdelete
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: knows
normalized: how
normalized: free
normalized: any
normalized: memory
normalized: consumed
normalized: item
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: reason
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: must
normalized: avoid
normalized: inserting
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: item
normalized: same
normalized: address
normalized: multiple
normalized: times
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: itemdelete
normalized: method
normalized: would
normalized: called
normalized: multiple
normalized: times
normalized: that
normalized: item
normalized: which
normalized: could
normalized: lead
normalized: trouble
normalized: both
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: hashtable
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: string
normalized: type
normalized: keys
normalized: when
normalized: adding
normalized: new
normalized: item
normalized: with
normalized: set
normalized: insert
normalized: hashtable
normalized: insert
normalized: both
normalized: modules
normalized: make
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: presumably
normalized: memory
normalized: allocated
normalized: malloc
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: then
normalized: responsible
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: memory
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: freeing
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: memory
normalized: allocates
normalized: this
normalized: copy
normalized: semantic
normalized: convenient
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: who
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: worry
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: allocate
normalized: and
normalized: manage
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: string
normalized: after
normalized: inserting
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: hashtable
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: assume
normalized: that
normalized: non
normalized: null
normalized: key
normalized: proper
normalized: string
normalized: that
normalized: null
normalized: terminated
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: module
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: native
normalized: malloc
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: not
normalized: however
normalized: will
normalized: checking
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: your
normalized: modules
normalized: must
normalized: each
normalized: have
normalized: makefile
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: code
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: for
normalized: module
normalized: must
normalized: therefore
normalized: have
normalized: xtest
normalized: program
normalized: hints
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: encouraged
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: style
normalized: and
normalized: layout
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: when
normalized: developing
normalized: new
normalized: modules
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: learn
normalized: lot
normalized: from
normalized: our
normalized: binary
normalized: trees
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: welcome
normalized: copy
normalized: snippets
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: example
normalized: code
normalized: long
normalized: you
normalized: add
normalized: comment
normalized: indicating
normalized: you
normalized: done
normalized: suggest
normalized: implementing
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: counters
normalized: simplified
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: much
normalized: like
normalized: did
normalized: for
normalized: bag
normalized: each
normalized: should
normalized: separate
normalized: implementation
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: differ
normalized: detail
normalized: and
normalized: semantics
normalized: your
normalized: hashtable
normalized: module
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: hand
normalized: should
normalized: make
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: indeed
normalized: your
normalized: hashtable
normalized: will
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: sets
normalized: allocating
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: can
normalized: tricky
normalized: consider
normalized: these
normalized: tips
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: were
normalized: demonstrated
normalized: names
normalized: although
normalized: for
normalized: specialized
normalized: case
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: generalize
normalized: they
normalized: were
normalized: also
normalized: covered
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: notes
normalized: hashtables
normalized: were
normalized: also
normalized: covered
normalized: notes
normalized: slides
normalized: what
normalized: hand
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: solutions
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: linux
normalized: systems
normalized: before
normalized: submission
normalized: you
normalized: choose
normalized: develop
normalized: your
normalized: solutions
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: system
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: responsible
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: submit
normalized: runs
normalized: correctly
normalized: system
normalized: which
normalized: where
normalized: where
normalized: will
normalized: test
normalized: indeed
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: place
normalized: your
normalized: solutions
normalized: your
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: department
normalized: linux
normalized: servers
normalized: you
normalized: worked
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: use
normalized: scp
normalized: copy
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: addition
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: four
normalized: subdirectories
normalized: lab
normalized: must
normalized: include
normalized: two
normalized: simple
normalized: text
normalized: files
normalized: readme
normalized: which
normalized: describes
normalized: how
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: should
normalized: compiled
normalized: and
normalized: executed
normalized: along
normalized: with
normalized: explanation
normalized: any
normalized: assumptions
normalized: you
normalized: made
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: assignment
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: readme
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: testing
normalized: which
normalized: describes
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: tested
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: including
normalized: any
normalized: test
normalized: inputs
normalized: test
normalized: programs
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: these
normalized: test
normalized: files
normalized: should
normalized: included
normalized: your
normalized: submission
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: these
normalized: examples
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: markdown
normalized: format
normalized: hence
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: extension
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: use
normalized: markdown
normalized: later
normalized: labs
normalized: now
normalized: great
normalized: time
normalized: learn
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: markdown
normalized: optional
normalized: think
normalized: your
normalized: audience
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: written
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: your
normalized: module
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: bag
normalized: readme
normalized: refers
normalized: the
normalized: interface
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: describe
normalized: any
normalized: assumptions
normalized: implementation
normalized: details
normalized: compilation
normalized: instructions
normalized: basically
normalized: make
normalized: bag
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: file
normalized: written
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: grader
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: bag
normalized: testing
normalized: describes
normalized: how
normalized: tested
normalized: bag
normalized: referring
normalized: bagtest
normalized: and
normalized: including
normalized: the
normalized: results
normalized: test
normalized: run
normalized: bagtest
normalized: out
normalized: your
normalized: test
normalized: requires
normalized: some
normalized: input
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: those
normalized: data
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: submission
normalized: and
normalized: refer
normalized: them
normalized: your
normalized: testing
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: solution
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: generates
normalized: the
normalized: necessary
normalized: input
normalized: files
normalized: downloading
normalized: them
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: directory
normalized: must
normalized: contain
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: five
normalized: subdirectories
normalized: bag
normalized: with
normalized: makefile
normalized: bagtest
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: set
normalized: with
normalized: makefile
normalized: settest
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: readme
normalized: testing
normalized: counters
normalized: with
normalized: makefile
normalized: counterstest
normalized: counters
normalized: counters
normalized: readme
normalized: testing
normalized: hashtable
normalized: with
normalized: makefile
normalized: hashtabletest
normalized: hashtable
normalized: hashtable
normalized: readme
normalized: testing
normalized: common
normalized: directory
normalized: with
normalized: contents
normalized: inherited
normalized: from
normalized: our
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: each
normalized: readme
normalized: readme
normalized: explains
normalized: any
normalized: assumptions
normalized: and
normalized: acknowledges
normalized: any
normalized: limitations
normalized: each
normalized: testing
normalized: testing
normalized: shows
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: tested
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: include
normalized: any
normalized: special
normalized: input
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: submitting
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: run
normalized: labs
normalized: submit
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: confirms
normalized: success
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: update
normalized: your
normalized: submission
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: command
normalized: again
normalized: will
normalized: overwrite
normalized: the
normalized: prior
normalized: submission
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: contents
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: directory
normalized: you
normalized: wish
normalized: use
normalized: one
normalized: your
normalized: hour
normalized: extensions
normalized: run
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: labs
normalized: submit
normalized: extension
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: deletes
normalized: any
normalized: submission
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: made
normalized: previously
normalized: and
normalized: leaves
normalized: single
normalized: file
normalized: extension
normalized: there
normalized: indication
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: requesting
normalized: extension
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: later
normalized: ready
normalized: submit
normalized: your
normalized: work
normalized: above
normalized: labs
normalized: submit
normalized: this
normalized: overwrites
normalized: any
normalized: prior
normalized: submission
normalized: even
normalized: the
normalized: extension
normalized: request
normalized: thus
normalized: you
normalized: submit
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: you
normalized: effectively
normalized: cancel
normalized: your
normalized: request
normalized: for
normalized: extension
normalized: will
normalized: grade
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: submission
normalized: present
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: deadline
normalized: avoid
normalized: confusion
normalized: please
normalized: blitz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: late
normalized: submission
normalized: graded
normalized: instead
normalized: your
normalized: time
normalized: submission
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: lab
normalized: crawler
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: lab
normalized: crawler
normalized: due
normalized: friday
normalized: april
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: begin
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: coding
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: according
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: preparation
normalized: assignment
normalized: submission
normalized: what
normalized: submission
normalized: how
normalized: extensions
normalized: hints
normalized: and
normalized: tips
normalized: libcs
normalized: markdown
normalized: testing
normalized: crawler
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: hashtable
normalized: url
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: preparation
normalized: fork
normalized: copy
normalized: our
normalized: tse
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: make
normalized: new
normalized: project
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: account
normalized: see
normalized: instructions
normalized: the
normalized: readme
normalized: there
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: private
normalized: give
normalized: master
normalized: access
normalized: professor
normalized: palmer
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: and
normalized: head
normalized: grader
normalized: haider
normalized: syed
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: two
normalized: ids
normalized: gitlab
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: with
normalized: clone
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: project
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: your
normalized: unix
normalized: account
normalized: again
normalized: see
normalized: instructions
normalized: your
normalized: fork
normalized: readme
normalized: edit
normalized: the
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: instructions
normalized: suggested
normalized: template
normalized: the
normalized: bottom
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: include
normalized: your
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: copy
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: sources
normalized: just
normalized: counters
normalized: set
normalized: hashtable
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: your
normalized: brand
normalized: new
normalized: repository
normalized: try
normalized: make
normalized: that
normalized: directory
normalized: ensure
normalized: everything
normalized: works
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: libcs
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: visit
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: updated
normalized: readme
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: new
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: double
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: visibility
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: ensure
normalized: private
normalized: assignment
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: first
normalized: sub
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: please
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: guidelines
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: create
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: crawler
normalized: that
normalized: directory
normalized: write
normalized: program
normalized: crawler
normalized: that
normalized: implements
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: leveraging
normalized: your
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: please
normalized: take
normalized: special
normalized: care
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: explore
normalized: urls
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: internal
normalized: according
normalized: isinternalurl
normalized: that
normalized: directory
normalized: write
normalized: makefile
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: build
normalized: everything
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: directory
normalized: simply
normalized: typing
normalized: make
normalized: and
normalized: clean
normalized: everything
normalized: typing
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: build
normalized: crawler
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: add
normalized: lcurl
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: libcurl
normalized: library
normalized: that
normalized: directory
normalized: write
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: provide
normalized: any
normalized: special
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: compile
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: likely
normalized: short
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: use
normalized: markdown
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: that
normalized: directory
normalized: write
normalized: implementation
normalized: file
normalized: describe
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: use
normalized: markdown
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: add
normalized: testing
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: directory
normalized: telling
normalized: the
normalized: grader
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: tested
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: helpful
normalized: write
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: execute
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: test
normalized: target
normalized: read
normalized: about
normalized: testing
normalized: below
normalized: you
normalized: create
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: directories
normalized: add
normalized: them
normalized: your
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: important
normalized: not
normalized: add
normalized: any
normalized: compiled
normalized: files
normalized: git
normalized: short
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: contain
normalized: any
normalized: data
normalized: files
normalized: core
normalized: dumps
normalized: files
normalized: built
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: and
normalized: removed
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: commit
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: least
normalized: once
normalized: day
normalized: submission
normalized: what
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: add
normalized: edit
normalized: these
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: readme
normalized: edited
normalized: makefile
normalized: possibly
normalized: edited
normalized: crawler
normalized: makefile
normalized: crawler
normalized: readme
normalized: implementation
normalized: testing
normalized: optional
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: related
normalized: testing
normalized: common
normalized: you
normalized: follow
normalized: our
normalized: tip
normalized: suggestion
normalized: below
normalized: pagedir
normalized: pagedir
normalized: libcs
normalized: you
normalized: wish
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: solution
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: hashtable
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: modify
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: provide
normalized: libcs
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: any
normalized: data
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: any
normalized: binary
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: backup
normalized: files
normalized: core
normalized: dumps
normalized: etc
normalized: submission
normalized: how
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: final
normalized: submission
normalized: add
normalized: all
normalized: required
normalized: files
normalized: using
normalized: appropriate
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: commandline
normalized: commit
normalized: all
normalized: changes
normalized: using
normalized: appropriate
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: commandline
normalized: tag
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: push
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: tags
normalized: are
normalized: pushed
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: see
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: tagged
normalized: commit
normalized: include
normalized: everything
normalized: need
normalized: grade
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: grade
normalized: the
normalized: version
normalized: tagged
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: safe
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: continue
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: start
normalized: work
normalized: lab
normalized: even
normalized: you
normalized: commit
normalized: push
normalized: will
normalized: clone
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: deadline
normalized: will
normalized: start
normalized: grading
normalized: when
normalized: first
normalized: see
normalized: one
normalized: with
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: judge
normalized: late
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: was
normalized: added
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: avoid
normalized: confusion
normalized: please
normalized: blitz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: late
normalized: submission
normalized: graded
normalized: instead
normalized: your
normalized: time
normalized: submission
normalized: your
normalized: entire
normalized: codebase
normalized: must
normalized: compile
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: produce
normalized: compiler
normalized: warnings
normalized: find
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: compile
normalized: has
normalized: segmentation
normalized: faults
normalized: will
normalized: send
normalized: back
normalized: you
normalized: soon
normalized: can
normalized: for
normalized: repair
normalized: recall
normalized: the
normalized: grading
normalized: policy
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: our
normalized: own
normalized: set
normalized: test
normalized: data
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: valgrind
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: lose
normalized: points
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: memory
normalized: errors
normalized: important
normalized: the
normalized: libcurl
normalized: library
normalized: known
normalized: leave
normalized: some
normalized: still
normalized: reachable
normalized: memory
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: your
normalized: fault
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: count
normalized: against
normalized: you
normalized: extensions
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: claim
normalized: your
normalized: extension
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: extension
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: directory
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: don
normalized: forget
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: will
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: touch
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: extension
normalized: request
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: above
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: including
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: extension
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: submit
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: remove
normalized: extension
normalized: follows
normalized: update
normalized: your
normalized: submission
normalized: tag
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: git
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: grading
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: delete
normalized: origin
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: tag
normalized: from
normalized: remote
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: move
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: tag
normalized: forward
normalized: this
normalized: commit
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: remote
normalized: including
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: extension
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: everything
normalized: need
normalized: grade
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: hints
normalized: and
normalized: tips
normalized: libcs
normalized: provide
normalized: several
normalized: modules
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: directory
normalized: which
normalized: compiles
normalized: library
normalized: libcs
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: link
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: change
normalized: any
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: drop
normalized: your
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: hashtable
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: prefer
normalized: use
normalized: our
normalized: version
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: and
normalized: hashtable
normalized: that
normalized: totally
normalized: fine
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: includes
normalized: pre
normalized: compiled
normalized: library
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: instead
normalized: see
normalized: libcs
normalized: readme
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: modules
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: are
normalized: documented
normalized: with
normalized: corresponding
normalized: markdown
normalized: file
normalized: markdown
normalized: this
normalized: and
normalized: subsequent
normalized: labs
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: provide
normalized: documentation
normalized: files
normalized: markdown
normalized: format
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: supply
normalized: readme
normalized: implementation
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: markdown
normalized: syntax
normalized: provides
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: readable
normalized: markup
normalized: for
normalized: headings
normalized: lists
normalized: italics
normalized: bold
normalized: and
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: website
normalized: written
normalized: markdown
normalized: see
normalized: markdown
normalized: resources
normalized: testing
normalized: crawler
normalized: your
normalized: responsibility
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: about
normalized: your
normalized: approach
normalized: testing
normalized: consider
normalized: following
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: plan
normalized: discussed
normalized: lecture
normalized: some
normalized: safe
normalized: seeds
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: test
normalized: include
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: data
normalized: tse
normalized: letters
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: data
normalized: tse
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: two
normalized: are
normalized: good
normalized: depths
normalized: and
normalized: higher
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: case
normalized: likely
normalized: too
normalized: slow
normalized: run
normalized: past
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: point
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: user
normalized: home
normalized: page
normalized: but
normalized: your
normalized: seed
normalized: url
normalized: must
normalized: begin
normalized: with
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: construct
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: test
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: unix
normalized: account
normalized: directory
normalized: like
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: tse
normalized: and
normalized: crawl
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: youruserid
normalized: tse
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: lecture
normalized: learned
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: make
normalized: use
normalized: them
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: module
normalized: useful
normalized: its
normalized: use
normalized: optional
normalized: but
normalized: ready
normalized: use
normalized: part
normalized: library
normalized: libcs
normalized: our
normalized: lab
normalized: tried
normalized: recover
normalized: gracefully
normalized: from
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: failures
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: application
normalized: programs
normalized: bit
normalized: more
normalized: lazy
normalized: null
normalized: return
normalized: from
normalized: malloc
normalized: calloc
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: print
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: assertp
normalized: function
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: module
normalized: useful
normalized: here
normalized: hashtable
normalized: url
normalized: our
normalized: design
normalized: calls
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: hashtable
normalized: store
normalized: the
normalized: urls
normalized: already
normalized: seen
normalized: our
normalized: hashtable
normalized: implementation
normalized: stores
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: with
normalized: each
normalized: key
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: just
normalized: storing
normalized: urls
normalized: keys
normalized: what
normalized: item
normalized: you
normalized: store
normalized: our
normalized: hashtable
normalized: disallows
normalized: null
normalized: items
normalized: suggestion
normalized: just
normalized: pass
normalized: constant
normalized: string
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: your
normalized: implementation
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: follow
normalized: our
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: this
normalized: one
normalized: reason
normalized: why
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: write
normalized: about
normalized: your
normalized: implementation
normalized: choices
normalized: implementation
normalized: our
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: refers
normalized: pagefetcher
normalized: note
normalized: this
normalized: effectively
normalized: webage
normalized: fetch
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: webage
normalized: fetch
normalized: inserts
normalized: second
normalized: delay
normalized: after
normalized: every
normalized: fetch
normalized: attempt
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: thus
normalized: gets
normalized: this
normalized: behavior
normalized: for
normalized: free
normalized: our
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: refers
normalized: pagescanner
normalized: yours
normalized: should
normalized: leverage
normalized: webage
normalized: getnexturl
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: supposed
normalized: determine
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: provided
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: indeed
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: writable
normalized: meaning
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: create
normalized: files
normalized: there
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: simplest
normalized: method
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: there
normalized: you
normalized: construct
normalized: string
normalized: filename
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: name
normalized: followed
normalized: slash
normalized: followed
normalized: file
normalized: name
normalized: like
normalized: crawler
normalized: you
normalized: could
normalized: call
normalized: fopen
normalized: filename
normalized: returns
normalized: null
normalized: failure
normalized: then
normalized: either
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: exist
normalized: not
normalized: writable
normalized: returns
normalized: non
normalized: null
normalized: success
normalized: close
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: fine
normalized: leave
normalized: crawler
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: directory
normalized: actually
normalized: the
normalized: presence
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: will
normalized: later
normalized: help
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: confirm
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: indeed
normalized: crawler
normalized: produced
normalized: directory
normalized: tip
normalized: think
normalized: ahead
normalized: and
normalized: put
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: writing
normalized: webpages
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: separate
normalized: pagedir
normalized: module
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: directory
normalized: write
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: produces
normalized: library
normalized: common
normalized: common
normalized: not
normalized: required
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: end
normalized: needing
normalized: take
normalized: this
normalized: step
normalized: lab
normalized: anyway
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: lab
normalized: indexer
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: lab
normalized: indexer
normalized: due
normalized: friday
normalized: may
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: continue
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: coding
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: program
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: unit
normalized: that
normalized: saves
normalized: and
normalized: loads
normalized: index
normalized: files
normalized: according
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: preparation
normalized: assignment
normalized: submission
normalized: what
normalized: submission
normalized: how
normalized: extensions
normalized: hints
normalized: and
normalized: tips
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: libcs
normalized: markdown
normalized: testing
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: hashtable
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: index
normalized: files
normalized: makefile
normalized: preparation
normalized: start
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: gitlab
normalized: project
normalized: you
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: begin
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: you
normalized: submitted
normalized: lab
normalized: correctly
normalized: you
normalized: tagged
normalized: the
normalized: submitted
normalized: version
normalized: with
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: instructed
normalized: and
normalized: pushed
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: remote
normalized: check
normalized: ensure
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repo
normalized: clean
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: and
normalized: everything
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: committed
normalized: and
normalized: pushed
normalized: according
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: need
normalized: committed
normalized: commits
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: pushed
normalized: that
normalized: now
normalized: oops
normalized: were
normalized: those
normalized: supposed
normalized: part
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: submission
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: step
normalized: above
normalized: not
normalized: proceed
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: uncommitted
normalized: changes
normalized: unpushed
normalized: commits
normalized: seek
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: sort
normalized: out
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: gitlab
normalized: pull
normalized: the
normalized: updated
normalized: and
normalized: additional
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: upstream
normalized: master
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: git
normalized: pull
normalized: upstream
normalized: master
normalized: this
normalized: works
normalized: you
normalized: earlier
normalized: followed
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: from
normalized: section
normalized: meeting
normalized: here
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: happen
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: made
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: since
normalized: was
normalized: released
normalized: commit
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: your
normalized: changes
normalized: perhaps
normalized: tag
normalized: this
normalized: commit
normalized: for
normalized: easy
normalized: reference
normalized: later
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: start
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: check
normalized: again
normalized: sure
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: repo
normalized: private
normalized: not
normalized: internal
normalized: public
normalized: visit
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: gitlab
normalized: click
normalized: settings
normalized: and
normalized: scroll
normalized: down
normalized: project
normalized: visibility
normalized: assignment
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: second
normalized: sub
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: please
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: guidelines
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: good
normalized: use
normalized: our
normalized: abstract
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: now
normalized: good
normalized: time
normalized: read
normalized: section
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: the
normalized: paper
normalized: about
normalized: search
normalized: engines
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: write
normalized: program
normalized: indexer
normalized: program
normalized: indextest
normalized: short
normalized: file
normalized: readme
normalized: provide
normalized: any
normalized: special
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: compiling
normalized: using
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: indextest
normalized: programs
normalized: file
normalized: design
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: for
normalized: indexer
normalized: not
normalized: index
normalized: tester
normalized: drawing
normalized: inspiration
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: file
normalized: implementation
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: plan
normalized: for
normalized: indexer
normalized: not
normalized: index
normalized: tester
normalized: file
normalized: testing
normalized: telling
normalized: the
normalized: grader
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: tested
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: see
normalized: about
normalized: testing
normalized: below
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: telling
normalized: git
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: binary
normalized: files
normalized: libraries
normalized: executables
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: both
normalized: programs
normalized: shall
normalized: leverage
normalized: common
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: common
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: directory
normalized: module
normalized: index
normalized: that
normalized: contains
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: logic
normalized: for
normalized: saving
normalized: and
normalized: loading
normalized: index
normalized: files
normalized: this
normalized: module
normalized: common
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: querier
normalized: and
normalized: indextest
normalized: module
normalized: pagedir
normalized: that
normalized: contains
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: logic
normalized: for
normalized: saving
normalized: pages
normalized: crawler
normalized: output
normalized: directory
normalized: for
normalized: loading
normalized: pages
normalized: from
normalized: crawler
normalized: output
normalized: directory
normalized: this
normalized: module
normalized: common
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: indexer
normalized: optionally
normalized: module
normalized: word
normalized: that
normalized: implements
normalized: normalizeword
normalized: this
normalized: module
normalized: common
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: querier
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: builds
normalized: common
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: programs
normalized: short
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: explaining
normalized: how
normalized: build
normalized: common
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: telling
normalized: git
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: binary
normalized: files
normalized: libraries
normalized: executables
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: review
normalized: your
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: readme
normalized: and
normalized: makefile
normalized: update
normalized: needed
normalized: submission
normalized: what
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: edit
normalized: add
normalized: files
normalized: described
normalized: above
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: arrange
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: like
normalized: ours
normalized: can
normalized: better
normalized: navigate
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: additional
normalized: files
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: test
normalized: output
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: chosen
normalized: break
normalized: into
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: solution
normalized: directory
normalized: structure
normalized: includes
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: optional
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: files
normalized: which
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: present
normalized: your
normalized: solution
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: must
normalized: organized
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: directory
normalized: structure
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: modify
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: provide
normalized: libcs
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: any
normalized: data
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: indexer
normalized: any
normalized: binary
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: backup
normalized: files
normalized: core
normalized: dumps
normalized: etc
normalized: submission
normalized: how
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: final
normalized: submission
normalized: add
normalized: all
normalized: required
normalized: files
normalized: using
normalized: appropriate
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: commandline
normalized: commit
normalized: all
normalized: changes
normalized: using
normalized: appropriate
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: commandline
normalized: tag
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: push
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: tags
normalized: are
normalized: pushed
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: see
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: tagged
normalized: commit
normalized: include
normalized: everything
normalized: need
normalized: grade
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: grade
normalized: the
normalized: version
normalized: tagged
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: safe
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: continue
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: start
normalized: work
normalized: lab
normalized: even
normalized: you
normalized: commit
normalized: push
normalized: will
normalized: clone
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: deadline
normalized: will
normalized: start
normalized: grading
normalized: when
normalized: first
normalized: see
normalized: one
normalized: with
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: judge
normalized: late
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: was
normalized: added
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: avoid
normalized: confusion
normalized: please
normalized: blitz
normalized: the
normalized: team
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: late
normalized: submission
normalized: graded
normalized: instead
normalized: your
normalized: time
normalized: submission
normalized: your
normalized: entire
normalized: codebase
normalized: must
normalized: compile
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: produce
normalized: compiler
normalized: warnings
normalized: find
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: compile
normalized: has
normalized: segmentation
normalized: faults
normalized: will
normalized: send
normalized: back
normalized: you
normalized: soon
normalized: can
normalized: for
normalized: repair
normalized: recall
normalized: the
normalized: grading
normalized: policy
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: our
normalized: own
normalized: set
normalized: test
normalized: data
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: valgrind
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: lose
normalized: points
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: memory
normalized: errors
normalized: extensions
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: claim
normalized: your
normalized: extension
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: extension
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: directory
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: don
normalized: forget
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: will
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: touch
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: extension
normalized: request
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: above
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: including
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: extension
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: submit
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: remove
normalized: extension
normalized: follows
normalized: update
normalized: your
normalized: submission
normalized: tag
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: git
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: grading
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: delete
normalized: origin
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: tag
normalized: from
normalized: remote
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: move
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: tag
normalized: forward
normalized: this
normalized: commit
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: remote
normalized: including
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: extension
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: everything
normalized: need
normalized: grade
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: hints
normalized: and
normalized: tips
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: design
normalized: tips
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: reading
normalized: great
normalized: too
normalized: libcs
normalized: provide
normalized: several
normalized: modules
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: directory
normalized: which
normalized: compiles
normalized: library
normalized: libcs
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: link
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: change
normalized: any
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: drop
normalized: your
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: hashtable
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: prefer
normalized: use
normalized: our
normalized: version
normalized: set
normalized: counters
normalized: and
normalized: hashtable
normalized: that
normalized: totally
normalized: fine
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: includes
normalized: pre
normalized: compiled
normalized: library
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: instead
normalized: see
normalized: libcs
normalized: readme
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: modules
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: are
normalized: documented
normalized: with
normalized: corresponding
normalized: markdown
normalized: file
normalized: markdown
normalized: this
normalized: and
normalized: subsequent
normalized: labs
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: provide
normalized: documentation
normalized: files
normalized: markdown
normalized: format
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: supply
normalized: readme
normalized: design
normalized: implementation
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: markdown
normalized: syntax
normalized: provides
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: readable
normalized: markup
normalized: for
normalized: headings
normalized: lists
normalized: italics
normalized: bold
normalized: and
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: website
normalized: written
normalized: markdown
normalized: see
normalized: markdown
normalized: resources
normalized: testing
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: never
normalized: quite
normalized: worked
normalized: never
normalized: fear
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: working
normalized: crawler
normalized: write
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: try
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: output
normalized: which
normalized: demo
normalized: crawler
normalized: output
normalized: recommend
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: execute
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: run
normalized: that
normalized: script
normalized: from
normalized: make
normalized: test
normalized: target
normalized: your
normalized: testing
normalized: file
normalized: can
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: and
normalized: describe
normalized: what
normalized: does
normalized: because
normalized: some
normalized: our
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: implementations
normalized: have
normalized: unspecified
normalized: ordering
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: which
normalized: data
normalized: appears
normalized: when
normalized: traversing
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: items
normalized: were
normalized: inserted
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: saved
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: tester
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: literally
normalized: identical
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: read
normalized: that
normalized: program
normalized: provide
normalized: indexsort
normalized: awk
normalized: script
normalized: that
normalized: sorts
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: canonical
normalized: ordering
normalized: making
normalized: possible
normalized: compare
normalized: two
normalized: index
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: their
normalized: content
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: testing
normalized: different
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: plan
normalized: which
normalized: short
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: description
normalized: written
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: code
normalized: testing
normalized: contains
normalized: refers
normalized: results
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: tests
normalized: may
normalized: refer
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: contain
normalized: input
normalized: output
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: test
normalized: runs
normalized: scripts
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: tests
normalized: they
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: copied
normalized: into
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: indeed
normalized: your
normalized: file
normalized: will
normalized: much
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: fill
normalized: with
normalized: long
normalized: scripts
normalized: output
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: lecture
normalized: learned
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: make
normalized: use
normalized: them
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: module
normalized: useful
normalized: its
normalized: use
normalized: optional
normalized: but
normalized: ready
normalized: use
normalized: part
normalized: library
normalized: libcs
normalized: our
normalized: lab
normalized: tried
normalized: recover
normalized: gracefully
normalized: from
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: failures
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: application
normalized: programs
normalized: bit
normalized: more
normalized: lazy
normalized: null
normalized: return
normalized: from
normalized: malloc
normalized: calloc
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: print
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: assertp
normalized: function
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: module
normalized: useful
normalized: here
normalized: hashtable
normalized: how
normalized: big
normalized: should
normalized: the
normalized: hashtable
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: querier
normalized: use
normalized: hashtable
normalized: store
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: words
normalized: documents
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: hashtable
normalized: keyed
normalized: words
normalized: the
normalized: answer
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: question
normalized: then
normalized: depends
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: words
normalized: will
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: when
normalized: building
normalized: the
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: impossible
normalized: know
normalized: advance
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: words
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: encountered
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: pick
normalized: reasonable
normalized: size
normalized: perhaps
normalized: something
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: slots
normalized: when
normalized: loading
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: though
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: words
normalized: because
normalized: there
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: easy
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: lines
normalized: see
normalized: file
normalized: once
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: can
normalized: obtain
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: words
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: compute
normalized: good
normalized: size
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: hashtable
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: recall
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: fills
normalized: directory
normalized: with
normalized: saved
normalized: pages
normalized: lab
normalized: recommended
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: also
normalized: create
normalized: and
normalized: leave
normalized: file
normalized: crawler
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: directory
normalized: you
normalized: followed
normalized: that
normalized: advice
normalized: you
normalized: now
normalized: have
normalized: great
normalized: opportunity
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: include
normalized: function
normalized: iscrawlerdirectory
normalized: char
normalized: dir
normalized: your
normalized: pagedir
normalized: module
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: verify
normalized: whether
normalized: dir
normalized: indeed
normalized: crawler
normalized: produced
normalized: directory
normalized: can
normalized: open
normalized: file
normalized: dir
normalized: crawler
normalized: for
normalized: reading
normalized: then
normalized: dir
normalized: crawler
normalized: produced
normalized: directory
normalized: not
normalized: either
normalized: the
normalized: dir
normalized: not
normalized: valid
normalized: pathname
normalized: not
normalized: directory
normalized: not
normalized: readable
normalized: directory
normalized: not
normalized: crawler
normalized: produced
normalized: directory
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: error
normalized: all
normalized: easily
normalized: caught
normalized: this
normalized: simple
normalized: test
normalized: index
normalized: files
normalized: read
normalized: each
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: works
normalized: well
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: then
normalized: loop
normalized: calling
normalized: fscanf
normalized: with
normalized: format
normalized: pull
normalized: off
normalized: one
normalized: pair
normalized: time
normalized: checking
normalized: the
normalized: return
normalized: value
normalized: fscanf
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: iterate
normalized: methods
normalized: built
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: indeed
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: need
normalized: have
normalized: iterators
normalized: call
normalized: iterators
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: print
normalized: methods
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: purpose
normalized: those
normalized: are
normalized: meant
normalized: for
normalized: producing
normalized: pretty
normalized: human
normalized: readable
normalized: output
normalized: for
normalized: debugging
normalized: purposes
normalized: the
normalized: functions
normalized: found
normalized: file
normalized: should
normalized: helpful
normalized: makefile
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: makefile
normalized: needs
normalized: build
normalized: both
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: indextest
normalized: may
normalized: most
normalized: convenient
normalized: add
normalized: phony
normalized: top
normalized: most
normalized: rule
normalized: all
normalized: indexer
normalized: indextest
normalized: that
normalized: make
normalized: make
normalized: all
normalized: will
normalized: build
normalized: both
normalized: programs
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: build
normalized: just
normalized: one
normalized: run
normalized: make
normalized: indexer
normalized: make
normalized: indextest
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: also
normalized: find
normalized: useful
normalized: add
normalized: phony
normalized: rules
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: make
normalized: test
normalized: make
normalized: valgrind
normalized: good
normalized: luck
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: lab
normalized: querier
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: lab
normalized: querier
normalized: due
normalized: friday
normalized: may
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: continue
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: coding
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: according
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: preparation
normalized: assignment
normalized: submission
normalized: what
normalized: submission
normalized: how
normalized: extensions
normalized: grading
normalized: hints
normalized: and
normalized: tips
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: hashtable
normalized: parsing
normalized: queries
normalized: combining
normalized: results
normalized: ranking
normalized: results
normalized: testing
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: chopping
normalized: string
normalized: into
normalized: array
normalized: strings
normalized: ctype
normalized: preparation
normalized: start
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: gitlab
normalized: project
normalized: you
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: labs
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: begin
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: you
normalized: submitted
normalized: lab
normalized: correctly
normalized: you
normalized: tagged
normalized: the
normalized: submitted
normalized: version
normalized: with
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: instructed
normalized: and
normalized: pushed
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: remote
normalized: check
normalized: ensure
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repo
normalized: clean
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: and
normalized: everything
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: committed
normalized: and
normalized: pushed
normalized: according
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: need
normalized: committed
normalized: commits
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: pushed
normalized: that
normalized: now
normalized: oops
normalized: were
normalized: those
normalized: supposed
normalized: part
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: submission
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: step
normalized: above
normalized: not
normalized: proceed
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: uncommitted
normalized: changes
normalized: unpushed
normalized: commits
normalized: seek
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: sort
normalized: out
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: gitlab
normalized: pull
normalized: the
normalized: updated
normalized: and
normalized: additional
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: upstream
normalized: master
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: git
normalized: pull
normalized: upstream
normalized: master
normalized: this
normalized: works
normalized: you
normalized: earlier
normalized: followed
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: from
normalized: section
normalized: meeting
normalized: here
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: happen
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: made
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: since
normalized: was
normalized: released
normalized: commit
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: your
normalized: changes
normalized: perhaps
normalized: tag
normalized: this
normalized: commit
normalized: for
normalized: easy
normalized: reference
normalized: later
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: start
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: check
normalized: again
normalized: sure
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: repo
normalized: private
normalized: not
normalized: internal
normalized: public
normalized: visit
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: gitlab
normalized: click
normalized: settings
normalized: and
normalized: scroll
normalized: down
normalized: project
normalized: visibility
normalized: assignment
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: third
normalized: sub
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: please
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: guidelines
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: good
normalized: use
normalized: our
normalized: abstract
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: write
normalized: program
normalized: querier
normalized: makefile
normalized: build
normalized: querier
normalized: short
normalized: file
normalized: readme
normalized: provide
normalized: any
normalized: special
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: compiling
normalized: using
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: file
normalized: design
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: for
normalized: querier
normalized: drawing
normalized: inspiration
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: file
normalized: implementation
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: plan
normalized: for
normalized: querier
normalized: file
normalized: testing
normalized: telling
normalized: the
normalized: grader
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: tested
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: see
normalized: about
normalized: testing
normalized: below
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: telling
normalized: git
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: binary
normalized: files
normalized: libraries
normalized: executables
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: shall
normalized: leverage
normalized: common
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: common
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: directory
normalized: module
normalized: index
normalized: that
normalized: contains
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: logic
normalized: for
normalized: saving
normalized: and
normalized: loading
normalized: index
normalized: files
normalized: this
normalized: module
normalized: common
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: querier
normalized: and
normalized: indextest
normalized: module
normalized: pagedir
normalized: that
normalized: contains
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: logic
normalized: for
normalized: saving
normalized: pages
normalized: crawler
normalized: output
normalized: directory
normalized: for
normalized: loading
normalized: pages
normalized: from
normalized: crawler
normalized: output
normalized: directory
normalized: this
normalized: module
normalized: common
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: indexer
normalized: optionally
normalized: module
normalized: word
normalized: that
normalized: implements
normalized: normalizeword
normalized: this
normalized: module
normalized: common
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: querier
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: builds
normalized: common
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: programs
normalized: short
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: explaining
normalized: how
normalized: build
normalized: common
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: telling
normalized: git
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: binary
normalized: files
normalized: libraries
normalized: executables
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: review
normalized: your
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: readme
normalized: and
normalized: makefile
normalized: update
normalized: needed
normalized: submission
normalized: what
normalized: this
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: edit
normalized: add
normalized: files
normalized: described
normalized: above
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: arrange
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: like
normalized: ours
normalized: can
normalized: better
normalized: navigate
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: additional
normalized: files
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: test
normalized: output
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: chosen
normalized: break
normalized: into
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: solution
normalized: directory
normalized: structure
normalized: includes
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: optional
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: files
normalized: which
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: present
normalized: your
normalized: solution
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: must
normalized: organized
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: directory
normalized: structure
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: modify
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: provide
normalized: libcs
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: any
normalized: data
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: indexer
normalized: any
normalized: binary
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: backup
normalized: files
normalized: core
normalized: dumps
normalized: etc
normalized: submission
normalized: how
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: final
normalized: submission
normalized: add
normalized: all
normalized: required
normalized: files
normalized: using
normalized: appropriate
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: commandline
normalized: commit
normalized: all
normalized: changes
normalized: using
normalized: appropriate
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: commandline
normalized: tag
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: push
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: tags
normalized: are
normalized: pushed
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: see
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: tagged
normalized: commit
normalized: include
normalized: everything
normalized: need
normalized: grade
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: will
normalized: clone
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: deadline
normalized: will
normalized: start
normalized: grading
normalized: when
normalized: first
normalized: see
normalized: one
normalized: with
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: judge
normalized: late
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: was
normalized: added
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: avoid
normalized: confusion
normalized: please
normalized: blitz
normalized: the
normalized: team
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: late
normalized: submission
normalized: graded
normalized: instead
normalized: your
normalized: time
normalized: submission
normalized: your
normalized: entire
normalized: codebase
normalized: must
normalized: compile
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: produce
normalized: compiler
normalized: warnings
normalized: find
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: compile
normalized: has
normalized: segmentation
normalized: faults
normalized: will
normalized: send
normalized: back
normalized: you
normalized: soon
normalized: can
normalized: for
normalized: repair
normalized: recall
normalized: the
normalized: grading
normalized: policy
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: our
normalized: own
normalized: set
normalized: test
normalized: data
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: valgrind
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: lose
normalized: points
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: memory
normalized: errors
normalized: extensions
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: claim
normalized: your
normalized: extension
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: extension
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: directory
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: don
normalized: forget
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: will
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: touch
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: extension
normalized: request
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: above
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: including
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: extension
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: submit
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: remove
normalized: extension
normalized: follows
normalized: update
normalized: your
normalized: submission
normalized: tag
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: git
normalized: extension
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: grading
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: delete
normalized: origin
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: tag
normalized: from
normalized: remote
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: move
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: tag
normalized: forward
normalized: this
normalized: commit
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: tags
normalized: push
normalized: gitlab
normalized: remote
normalized: including
normalized: tags
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: extension
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: everything
normalized: need
normalized: grade
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: grading
normalized: lab
normalized: scored
normalized: the
normalized: basis
normalized: points
normalized: with
normalized: delivery
normalized: documentation
normalized: style
normalized: testing
normalized: comprising
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: points
normalized: functionality
normalized: represents
normalized: points
normalized: recognition
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: find
normalized: best
normalized: start
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: slowly
normalized: enhance
normalized: your
normalized: solution
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: simpler
normalized: version
normalized: working
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: earn
normalized: points
normalized: follows
normalized: points
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: prints
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: contain
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: words
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: treat
normalized: operators
normalized: and
normalized: regular
normalized: words
normalized: points
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: also
normalized: supports
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: operators
normalized: but
normalized: without
normalized: precedence
normalized: mathematical
normalized: terms
normalized: treats
normalized: them
normalized: left
normalized: associative
normalized: equal
normalized: precedence
normalized: operators
normalized: points
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: also
normalized: supports
normalized: and
normalized: precedence
normalized: over
normalized: points
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: also
normalized: prints
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: set
normalized: decreasing
normalized: order
normalized: score
normalized: thus
normalized: meeting
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: specs
normalized: partial
normalized: credit
normalized: available
normalized: course
normalized: per
normalized: the
normalized: judgement
normalized: the
normalized: grader
normalized: but
normalized: above
normalized: the
normalized: coarse
normalized: grain
normalized: rubric
normalized: hints
normalized: and
normalized: tips
normalized: processing
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: ranking
normalized: the
normalized: results
normalized: are
normalized: tricky
normalized: encourage
normalized: you
normalized: start
normalized: with
normalized: simplified
normalized: case
normalized: test
normalized: thoroughly
normalized: then
normalized: enhance
normalized: easier
normalized: code
normalized: test
normalized: and
normalized: debug
normalized: and
normalized: when
normalized: facing
normalized: deadline
normalized: nice
normalized: have
normalized: less
normalized: functional
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: works
normalized: than
normalized: full
normalized: functional
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: doesn
normalized: work
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: section
normalized: grading
normalized: regarding
normalized: the
normalized: points
normalized: allocated
normalized: you
normalized: achieve
normalized: higher
normalized: levels
normalized: functionality
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: examples
normalized: and
normalized: design
normalized: tips
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: hashtable
normalized: how
normalized: big
normalized: should
normalized: your
normalized: hashtable
normalized: well
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: words
normalized: will
normalized: store
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: has
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: lines
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: before
normalized: creating
normalized: index
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: before
normalized: loading
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: just
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: hash
normalized: table
normalized: size
normalized: slots
normalized: might
normalized: relate
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: words
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: store
normalized: parsing
normalized: queries
normalized: strongly
normalized: recommend
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: entire
normalized: query
normalized: line
normalized: input
normalized: into
normalized: single
normalized: string
normalized: then
normalized: tokenize
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: string
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: write
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: takes
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: builds
normalized: array
normalized: words
normalized: should
normalized: use
normalized: white
normalized: space
normalized: space
normalized: tab
normalized: the
normalized: delimiter
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: can
normalized: normalized
normalized: lower
normalized: cased
normalized: and
normalized: checked
normalized: for
normalized: illegal
normalized: characters
normalized: before
normalized: being
normalized: added
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: see
normalized: one
normalized: approach
normalized: bottom
normalized: now
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: character
normalized: parsing
normalized: behind
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: array
normalized: words
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: step
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: print
normalized: clean
normalized: query
normalized: that
normalized: with
normalized: extraneous
normalized: spaces
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: letters
normalized: lower
normalized: case
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: then
normalized: step
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: according
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: bnf
normalized: two
normalized: tips
normalized: validate
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: structure
normalized: neither
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: last
normalized: word
normalized: may
normalized: operator
normalized: and
normalized: two
normalized: operators
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: adjacent
normalized: valid
normalized: proceed
normalized: next
normalized: step
normalized: otherwise
normalized: print
normalized: suitable
normalized: error
normalized: message
normalized: structure
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: the
normalized: grammar
normalized: which
normalized: has
normalized: two
normalized: non
normalized: terminals
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: andsequence
normalized: write
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: handles
normalized: each
normalized: one
normalized: function
normalized: return
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: satisfy
normalized: andsequence
normalized: looping
normalized: over
normalized: words
normalized: accumulate
normalized: answer
normalized: like
normalized: running
normalized: product
normalized: you
normalized: another
normalized: function
normalized: return
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: satisfy
normalized: query
normalized: looping
normalized: over
normalized: calls
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: function
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: andsequence
normalized: accumulate
normalized: answer
normalized: like
normalized: running
normalized: total
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: hints
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: this
normalized: might
normalized: work
normalized: combining
normalized: results
normalized: suppose
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: one
normalized: counters
normalized: object
normalized: representing
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: which
normalized: given
normalized: word
normalized: appears
normalized: and
normalized: another
normalized: counters
normalized: object
normalized: representing
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: which
normalized: another
normalized: word
normalized: appears
normalized: each
normalized: counter
normalized: set
normalized: really
normalized: set
normalized: docid
normalized: count
normalized: pairs
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: combine
normalized: them
normalized: recall
normalized: lecture
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: processing
normalized: worda
normalized: and
normalized: wordb
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: match
normalized: both
normalized: words
normalized: the
normalized: intersection
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: per
normalized: the
normalized: specs
normalized: the
normalized: minimum
normalized: the
normalized: count
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: way
normalized: intersect
normalized: two
normalized: counters
normalized: recommend
normalized: iterating
normalized: over
normalized: one
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: checking
normalized: whether
normalized: that
normalized: document
normalized: exists
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: set
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: set
normalized: according
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: counters
normalized: iterate
normalized: counters
normalized: get
normalized: and
normalized: counters
normalized: set
normalized: this
normalized: without
normalized: modifying
normalized: your
normalized: counters
normalized: module
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: processing
normalized: worda
normalized: wordb
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: match
normalized: either
normalized: word
normalized: the
normalized: union
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: per
normalized: the
normalized: definition
normalized: above
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: the
normalized: count
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: way
normalized: union
normalized: two
normalized: counters
normalized: recommend
normalized: iterating
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: checking
normalized: whether
normalized: that
normalized: document
normalized: exists
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: set
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: set
normalized: according
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: again
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: counters
normalized: iterate
normalized: counters
normalized: get
normalized: and
normalized: counters
normalized: set
normalized: this
normalized: without
normalized: modifying
normalized: your
normalized: counters
normalized: module
normalized: while
normalized: processing
normalized: andsequence
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: compute
normalized: running
normalized: product
normalized: that
normalized: counters
normalized: object
normalized: that
normalized: represents
normalized: the
normalized: intersection
normalized: everything
normalized: seen
normalized: far
normalized: the
normalized: sequence
normalized: when
normalized: processing
normalized: query
normalized: that
normalized: disjunction
normalized: andsequence
normalized: results
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: similarly
normalized: compute
normalized: running
normalized: sum
normalized: that
normalized: counters
normalized: object
normalized: that
normalized: represents
normalized: the
normalized: union
normalized: everything
normalized: seen
normalized: far
normalized: the
normalized: sequence
normalized: ranking
normalized: results
normalized: after
normalized: parsing
normalized: and
normalized: interpreting
normalized: query
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: have
normalized: counters
normalized: object
normalized: representing
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: satisfying
normalized: document
normalized: the
normalized: counters
normalized: module
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: sort
normalized: method
normalized: way
normalized: iterate
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: items
normalized: sorted
normalized: order
normalized: suggest
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: counters
normalized: iterate
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: inserts
normalized: the
normalized: items
normalized: into
normalized: new
normalized: array
normalized: structs
normalized: each
normalized: struct
normalized: representing
normalized: one
normalized: satisfying
normalized: document
normalized: docid
normalized: score
normalized: use
normalized: counters
normalized: iterate
normalized: twice
normalized: once
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: allocate
normalized: appropriate
normalized: sized
normalized: array
normalized: and
normalized: again
normalized: stuff
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: array
normalized: your
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: uses
normalized: insertion
normalized: sort
normalized: approach
normalized: drop
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: item
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: sorted
normalized: decreasing
normalized: score
normalized: order
normalized: you
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: iteration
normalized: with
normalized: nicely
normalized: sorted
normalized: array
normalized: structs
normalized: then
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: simply
normalized: loop
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: print
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: documents
normalized: testing
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: reads
normalized: queries
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: one
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: test
normalized: interactively
normalized: but
normalized: thorough
normalized: and
normalized: repeated
normalized: testing
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: write
normalized: collection
normalized: little
normalized: files
normalized: each
normalized: which
normalized: contains
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: queries
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: commands
normalized: like
normalized: querier
normalized: testquery
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: write
normalized: short
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: through
normalized: several
normalized: such
normalized: test
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: script
normalized: might
normalized: even
normalized: compare
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: known
normalized: good
normalized: output
normalized: for
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: welcome
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: required
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: provided
normalized: the
normalized: updated
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: again
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: write
normalized: short
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: and
normalized: makefile
normalized: rules
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: tests
normalized: using
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: you
normalized: choose
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: change
normalized: the
normalized: std
normalized: switch
normalized: the
normalized: cflags
normalized: definition
normalized: your
normalized: makefile
normalized: follows
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: gnu
normalized: ggdb
normalized: flags
normalized: your
normalized: indexer
normalized: never
normalized: quite
normalized: worked
normalized: never
normalized: fear
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: working
normalized: indexer
normalized: write
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: try
normalized: your
normalized: querier
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: output
normalized: data
normalized: tse
normalized: output
normalized: chopping
normalized: string
normalized: into
normalized: array
normalized: strings
normalized: here
normalized: nice
normalized: trick
normalized: for
normalized: breaking
normalized: single
normalized: string
normalized: char
normalized: line
normalized: into
normalized: array
normalized: strings
normalized: char
normalized: words
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: has
normalized: two
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: leading
normalized: spaces
normalized: separating
normalized: spaces
normalized: and
normalized: trailing
normalized: space
normalized: terminated
normalized: null
normalized: because
normalized: string
normalized: just
normalized: pointer
normalized: array
normalized: characters
normalized: terminated
normalized: null
normalized: character
normalized: can
normalized: chop
normalized: this
normalized: single
normalized: string
normalized: into
normalized: multiple
normalized: strings
normalized: replacing
normalized: two
normalized: the
normalized: spaces
normalized: with
normalized: nulls
normalized: and
normalized: recording
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: don
normalized: need
normalized: allocate
normalized: any
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: these
normalized: new
normalized: strings
normalized: copy
normalized: these
normalized: strings
normalized: they
normalized: stay
normalized: right
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: make
normalized: this
normalized: happen
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: sliding
normalized: two
normalized: pointers
normalized: along
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: starting
normalized: line
normalized: one
normalized: pointer
normalized: might
normalized: char
normalized: word
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: slide
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: non
normalized: space
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: pointer
normalized: might
normalized: char
normalized: rest
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: slide
normalized: from
normalized: word
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: non
normalized: letter
normalized: squash
normalized: that
normalized: character
normalized: rest
normalized: with
normalized: null
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: created
normalized: null
normalized: terminated
normalized: string
normalized: starting
normalized: word
normalized: think
normalized: carefully
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: edge
normalized: cases
normalized: you
normalized: construct
normalized: the
normalized: loops
normalized: and
normalized: slide
normalized: the
normalized: pointers
normalized: ctype
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: functions
normalized: isalpha
normalized: and
normalized: isspace
normalized: useful
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: page
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: ctype
normalized: package
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: nginx
normalized: welcome
normalized: engs
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: welcome
normalized: engs
normalized: this
normalized: note
normalized: discusses
normalized: the
normalized: aim
normalized: and
normalized: schedule
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: and
normalized: takes
normalized: brief
normalized: look
normalized: unix
normalized: programming
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: architecture
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: the
normalized: aim
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: develop
normalized: the
normalized: necessary
normalized: systems
normalized: programming
normalized: skills
normalized: and
normalized: unix
normalized: foundation
normalized: tackle
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: implementation
normalized: and
normalized: integration
normalized: large
normalized: software
normalized: project
normalized: working
normalized: small
normalized: teams
normalized: the
normalized: challenge
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: quickly
normalized: get
normalized: people
normalized: speed
normalized: there
normalized: sufficient
normalized: time
normalized: get
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: complex
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: project
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: serves
normalized: develop
normalized: design
normalized: programming
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: systems
normalized: skills
normalized: such
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: management
normalized: testing
normalized: and
normalized: debugging
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: all
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: and
normalized: team
normalized: work
normalized: good
normalized: team
normalized: work
normalized: will
normalized: lead
normalized: success
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: message
normalized: note
normalized: about
normalized: unix
normalized: linux
normalized: unix
normalized: came
normalized: first
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: others
normalized: including
normalized: bsd
normalized: macos
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: variants
normalized: linux
normalized: are
normalized: derivations
normalized: that
normalized: original
normalized: effort
normalized: while
normalized: use
normalized: ubuntu
normalized: linux
normalized: the
normalized: machines
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: elect
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: copy
normalized: linux
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: that
normalized: mac
normalized: osx
normalized: based
normalized: except
normalized: when
normalized: really
normalized: matters
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: term
normalized: unix
normalized: refer
normalized: them
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: syllabus
normalized: nutshell
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: structure
normalized: arrays
normalized: pointers
normalized: dynamic
normalized: memory
normalized: files
normalized: programming
normalized: tools
normalized: gcc
normalized: gnu
normalized: compiler
normalized: make
normalized: maintain
normalized: groups
normalized: programs
normalized: gdb
normalized: gnu
normalized: debugger
normalized: git
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: management
normalized: valgrind
normalized: profiling
normalized: and
normalized: memory
normalized: leak
normalized: checker
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: methodology
normalized: design
normalized: implement
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: debug
normalized: integration
normalized: demo
normalized: maintenance
normalized: programming
normalized: building
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: crawler
normalized: indexer
normalized: query
normalized: engine
normalized: team
normalized: project
normalized: surprise
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: includes
normalized: several
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: programming
normalized: assignments
normalized: listed
normalized: under
normalized: modules
normalized: canvas
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: lectures
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: material
normalized: videos
normalized: for
normalized: easy
normalized: reference
normalized: class
normalized: time
normalized: devoted
normalized: working
normalized: programming
normalized: problems
normalized: individually
normalized: module
normalized: and
normalized: teams
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: remainder
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: please
normalized: take
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: reading
normalized: assigned
normalized: each
normalized: week
normalized: will
normalized: list
normalized: the
normalized: reading
normalized: week
normalized: week
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: lecture
normalized: lecture
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: some
normalized: flexibility
normalized: but
normalized: please
normalized: the
normalized: reading
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: interesting
normalized: and
normalized: valuable
normalized: logistics
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: logistics
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: communication
normalized: sure
normalized: track
normalized: canvas
normalized: for
normalized: announcements
normalized: and
normalized: updates
normalized: about
normalized: engagement
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: more
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: actively
normalized: engaged
normalized: where
normalized: engagement
normalized: preparation
normalized: participation
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: weekly
normalized: reading
normalized: practice
normalized: home
normalized: and
normalized: participate
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: team
normalized: mates
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: there
normalized: significant
normalized: amount
normalized: programming
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: requiring
normalized: considerable
normalized: time
normalized: commitment
normalized: the
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: student
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: well
normalized: organized
normalized: complete
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: assignments
normalized: and
normalized: project
normalized: start
normalized: each
normalized: lab
normalized: early
normalized: will
normalized: challenging
normalized: but
normalized: hope
normalized: will
normalized: fun
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: assigned
normalized: team
normalized: and
normalized: given
normalized: about
normalized: three
normalized: weeks
normalized: complete
normalized: large
normalized: project
normalized: requiring
normalized: strong
normalized: collaboration
normalized: and
normalized: problem
normalized: solving
normalized: mindset
normalized: each
normalized: member
normalized: responsible
normalized: for
normalized: contributing
normalized: the
normalized: overall
normalized: system
normalized: design
normalized: implementation
normalized: testing
normalized: integration
normalized: and
normalized: documentation
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: this
normalized: activity
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: develop
normalized: the
normalized: confidence
normalized: skills
normalized: and
normalized: habits
normalized: necessary
normalized: write
normalized: large
normalized: computer
normalized: programs
normalized: while
normalized: part
normalized: multi
normalized: person
normalized: team
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: become
normalized: conversant
normalized: software
normalized: engineering
normalized: paradigms
normalized: such
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: control
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: open
normalized: source
normalized: tools
normalized: that
normalized: ease
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: process
normalized: addition
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: develop
normalized: vital
normalized: skills
normalized: self
normalized: directed
normalized: learning
normalized: problem
normalized: solving
normalized: and
normalized: communication
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: concludes
normalized: with
normalized: demo
normalized: and
normalized: review
normalized: your
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: implementation
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: few
normalized: modules
normalized: cover
normalized: unix
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: this
normalized: not
normalized: meant
normalized: detailed
normalized: presentation
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: programming
normalized: tools
normalized: would
normalized: require
normalized: whole
normalized: term
normalized: cover
normalized: all
normalized: that
normalized: material
normalized: detail
normalized: need
normalized: know
normalized: enough
normalized: about
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: tools
normalized: able
normalized: navigate
normalized: our
normalized: way
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: write
normalized: some
normalized: basic
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: its
normalized: programming
normalized: tools
normalized: important
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: notes
normalized: starting
normalized: point
normalized: but
normalized: like
normalized: any
normalized: budding
normalized: engineer
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: some
normalized: experimenting
normalized: and
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: and
normalized: find
normalized: information
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: gaps
normalized: your
normalized: knowledge
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: come
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: instructor
normalized: tas
normalized: for
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: still
normalized: stuck
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: references
normalized: the
normalized: resources
normalized: page
normalized: caveat
normalized: please
normalized: take
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: notes
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: always
normalized: detailed
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: augment
normalized: these
normalized: notes
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: comments
normalized: and
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: references
normalized: and
normalized: reading
normalized: assignments
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: dive
normalized: deeper
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: topic
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: shell
normalized: examples
normalized: unix
normalized: was
normalized: originally
normalized: developed
normalized: for
normalized: computers
normalized: with
normalized: hardwired
normalized: terminals
normalized: each
normalized: which
normalized: was
normalized: basically
normalized: electronic
normalized: typewriter
normalized: printer
normalized: with
normalized: keyboard
normalized: there
normalized: were
normalized: graphical
normalized: displays
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: concepts
normalized: windows
normalized: and
normalized: mouse
normalized: had
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: been
normalized: invented
normalized: interact
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: types
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: echos
normalized: the
normalized: keystrokes
normalized: the
normalized: paper
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: historical
normalized: note
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: controlled
normalized: typing
normalized: commands
normalized: most
normalized: which
normalized: print
normalized: results
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: interaction
normalized: occurs
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: modern
normalized: unix
normalized: systems
normalized: support
normalized: rich
normalized: graphical
normalized: user
normalized: interfaces
normalized: but
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: hood
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: support
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: will
normalized: demonstrate
normalized: everything
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: macos
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: accessed
normalized: via
normalized: the
normalized: macos
normalized: application
normalized: called
normalized: terminal
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: mac
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: follow
normalized: along
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: windows
normalized: consider
normalized: installing
normalized: linux
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: either
normalized: dual
normalized: boot
normalized: virtual
normalized: machine
normalized: but
normalized: all
normalized: can
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: also
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: thayer
normalized: machines
normalized: when
normalized: open
normalized: new
normalized: terminal
normalized: window
normalized: mac
normalized: can
normalized: type
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: the
normalized: prompt
normalized: this
normalized: prompt
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: interprets
normalized: your
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: runs
normalized: program
normalized: representing
normalized: each
normalized: command
normalized: your
normalized: prompt
normalized: may
normalized: look
normalized: different
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: allows
normalized: users
normalized: customize
normalized: prompts
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: few
normalized: formats
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: below
normalized: macbook
normalized: applications
normalized: movies
normalized: bin
normalized: creative
normalized: cloud
normalized: files
normalized: music
normalized: desktop
normalized: pictures
normalized: lib
normalized: documents
normalized: pictures
normalized: personal
normalized: projects
normalized: downloads
normalized: public
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: dropbox
normalized: scans
normalized: repositories
normalized: google
normalized: drive
normalized: shared
normalized: src
normalized: library
normalized: sites
normalized: macbook
normalized: echo
normalized: hello
normalized: hello
normalized: macbook
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: directory
normalized: contents
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: echo
normalized: command
normalized: like
normalized: print
normalized: statement
normalized: echos
normalized: its
normalized: arguments
normalized: back
normalized: most
normalized: commands
normalized: quickly
normalized: produce
normalized: some
normalized: output
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: exit
normalized: some
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: too
normalized: long
normalized: perhaps
normalized: printing
normalized: too
normalized: much
normalized: output
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: stop
normalized: kill
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: forcing
normalized: exit
normalized: typing
normalized: control
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: one
normalized: silly
normalized: program
normalized: yes
normalized: just
normalized: prints
normalized: infinite
normalized: sequence
normalized: characters
normalized: until
normalized: you
normalized: kill
normalized: dfk
normalized: yes
normalized: dfk
normalized: some
normalized: commands
normalized: ask
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: continue
normalized: read
normalized: input
normalized: until
normalized: they
normalized: read
normalized: end
normalized: file
normalized: eof
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: cause
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: detect
normalized: eof
normalized: typing
normalized: control
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: input
normalized: line
normalized: below
normalized: typed
normalized: three
normalized: lines
normalized: text
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: the
normalized: fourth
normalized: input
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: cat
normalized: program
normalized: flume
normalized: mail
normalized: kotz
normalized: subject
normalized: hello
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: email
normalized: message
normalized: from
normalized: kotz
normalized: can
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: message
normalized: typing
normalized: ctrl
normalized: bye
normalized: eot
normalized: flume
normalized: here
normalized: when
normalized: typed
normalized: ctrl
normalized: the
normalized: mail
normalized: program
normalized: detected
normalized: end
normalized: file
normalized: eof
normalized: its
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: then
normalized: printed
normalized: eot
normalized: and
normalized: exited
normalized: moments
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: mail
normalized: message
normalized: landed
normalized: inbox
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: between
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: former
normalized: kills
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: immediately
normalized: whereas
normalized: the
normalized: latter
normalized: causes
normalized: detect
normalized: eof
normalized: when
normalized: next
normalized: reads
normalized: input
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: logging
normalized: into
normalized: remote
normalized: machine
normalized: using
normalized: ssh
normalized: thayer
normalized: operates
normalized: set
normalized: linux
normalized: machines
normalized: called
normalized: hubn
normalized: thayer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: where
normalized: number
normalized: between
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: practice
normalized: using
normalized: ssh
normalized: but
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: machines
normalized: for
normalized: verifying
normalized: your
normalized: labs
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: hand
normalized: them
normalized: your
normalized: labs
normalized: login
normalized: from
normalized: mac
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: ecure
normalized: ell
normalized: ssh
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: command
normalized: establishes
normalized: secure
normalized: channel
normalized: and
normalized: uses
normalized: public
normalized: key
normalized: cryptography
normalized: authenticate
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: command
normalized: replaces
normalized: the
normalized: archaic
normalized: telnet
normalized: remote
normalized: communications
normalized: with
normalized: another
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: rlogin
normalized: remote
normalized: login
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: lack
normalized: security
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: command
normalized: exclusively
normalized: used
normalized: these
normalized: days
normalized: because
normalized: your
normalized: session
normalized: encrypted
normalized: when
normalized: transmitted
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: network
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: being
normalized: sent
normalized: clear
normalized: text
normalized: below
normalized: remotely
normalized: log
normalized: user
normalized: kotz
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: named
normalized: flume
normalized: giving
normalized: its
normalized: full
normalized: name
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: macbook
normalized: ssh
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: last
normalized: login
normalized: fri
normalized: jan
normalized: from
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: old
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: logout
normalized: connection
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: closed
normalized: macbook
normalized: also
normalized: possible
normalized: connect
normalized: remote
normalized: linux
normalized: server
normalized: using
normalized: windows
normalized: early
normalized: form
normalized: graphical
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: that
normalized: has
normalized: the
normalized: capability
normalized: run
normalized: applications
normalized: remote
normalized: server
normalized: but
normalized: put
normalized: the
normalized: windows
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: computer
normalized: won
normalized: using
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: wish
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: option
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: hundreds
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: probably
normalized: only
normalized: need
normalized: few
normalized: dozen
normalized: get
normalized: each
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: has
normalized: short
normalized: abbreviated
normalized: command
normalized: name
normalized: list
normalized: directory
normalized: secure
normalized: shell
normalized: ssh
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: associated
normalized: syntax
normalized: that
normalized: typically
normalized: includes
normalized: various
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: options
normalized: typically
normalized: these
normalized: options
normalized: switches
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: also
normalized: known
normalized: are
normalized: either
normalized: single
normalized: letter
normalized: preceded
normalized: hyphen
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: words
normalized: preceded
normalized: two
normalized: hyphens
normalized: verbose
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: ssh
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: ssh
normalized: options
normalized: user
normalized: hostname
normalized: command
normalized: ssh
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: informs
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: command
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: username
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: logging
normalized: kotz
normalized: alternately
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: ssh
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: this
normalized: good
normalized: time
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: formatting
normalized: these
normalized: command
normalized: help
normalized: texts
normalized: the
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: denote
normalized: optional
normalized: things
normalized: like
normalized: command
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: things
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: like
normalized: hostname
normalized: must
normalized: specified
normalized: getting
normalized: information
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: online
normalized: manual
normalized: man
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: the
normalized: detailed
normalized: syntax
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: manual
normalized: command
normalized: followed
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: man
normalized: ssh
normalized: which
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: ssh
normalized: bsd
normalized: general
normalized: commands
normalized: manual
normalized: ssh
normalized: name
normalized: ssh
normalized: openssh
normalized: ssh
normalized: client
normalized: remote
normalized: login
normalized: program
normalized: synopsis
normalized: ssh
normalized: aacfgkkmnnqsttvvxxyy
normalized: bind
normalized: address
normalized: cipher
normalized: spec
normalized: bind
normalized: address
normalized: port
normalized: escape
normalized: char
normalized: configfile
normalized: pkcs
normalized: identity
normalized: file
normalized: bind
normalized: address
normalized: port
normalized: host
normalized: hostport
normalized: login
normalized: name
normalized: mac
normalized: spec
normalized: ctl
normalized: cmd
normalized: option
normalized: port
normalized: bind
normalized: address
normalized: port
normalized: host
normalized: hostport
normalized: ctl
normalized: path
normalized: host
normalized: port
normalized: local
normalized: tun
normalized: remote
normalized: tun
normalized: user
normalized: hostname
normalized: command
normalized: description
normalized: ssh
normalized: ssh
normalized: client
normalized: program
normalized: for
normalized: logging
normalized: into
normalized: remote
normalized: machine
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: executing
normalized: commands
normalized: remote
normalized: machine
normalized: intended
normalized: replace
normalized: rlogin
normalized: and
normalized: rsh
normalized: and
normalized: provide
normalized: secure
normalized: encrypted
normalized: communications
normalized: between
normalized: two
normalized: untrusted
normalized: hosts
normalized: over
normalized: insecure
normalized: network
normalized: connections
normalized: and
normalized: arbitrary
normalized: tcp
normalized: ports
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: forwarded
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: secure
normalized: channel
normalized: ssh
normalized: connects
normalized: and
normalized: logs
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: specified
normalized: hostname
normalized: with
normalized: optional
normalized: user
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: must
normalized: prove
normalized: his
normalized: her
normalized: identity
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: machine
normalized: using
normalized: one
normalized: several
normalized: methods
normalized: depending
normalized: the
normalized: protocol
normalized: version
normalized: used
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: command
normalized: specified
normalized: executed
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: host
normalized: instead
normalized: login
normalized: shell
normalized: the
normalized: options
normalized: are
normalized: follows
normalized: forces
normalized: ssh
normalized: try
normalized: protocol
normalized: version
normalized: only
normalized: forces
normalized: ssh
normalized: try
normalized: protocol
normalized: version
normalized: only
normalized: forces
normalized: ssh
normalized: use
normalized: ipv
normalized: addresses
normalized: only
normalized: forces
normalized: ssh
normalized: use
normalized: ipv
normalized: addresses
normalized: only
normalized: enables
normalized: forwarding
normalized: the
normalized: authentication
normalized: agent
normalized: connection
normalized: this
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: specified
normalized: per
normalized: host
normalized: and
normalized: whole
normalized: lot
normalized: more
normalized: this
normalized: just
normalized: snippet
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: ssh
normalized: output
normalized: man
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: manual
normalized: the
normalized: manual
normalized: output
normalized: includes
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: nitty
normalized: gritty
normalized: details
normalized: options
normalized: and
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: most
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: option
normalized: help
normalized: two
normalized: hyphens
normalized: get
normalized: brief
normalized: breakdown
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: switches
normalized: this
normalized: doesn
normalized: work
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: commands
normalized: including
normalized: ssh
normalized: interestingly
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: help
normalized: interpreted
normalized: invalid
normalized: entry
normalized: ssh
normalized: and
normalized: lists
normalized: the
normalized: options
normalized: anyway
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: man
normalized: keyword
normalized: search
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: manual
normalized: pages
normalized: for
normalized: matches
normalized: keyword
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: man
normalized: shell
normalized: bash
normalized: gnu
normalized: bourne
normalized: again
normalized: shell
normalized: capsh
normalized: capability
normalized: shell
normalized: wrapper
normalized: chroot
normalized: run
normalized: command
normalized: interactive
normalized: shell
normalized: with
normalized: special
normalized: root
normalized: directory
normalized: chsh
normalized: change
normalized: your
normalized: login
normalized: shell
normalized: cpan
normalized: admin
normalized: cpan
normalized: shell
normalized: for
normalized: cpan
normalized: admins
normalized: cpan
normalized: plugin
normalized: base
normalized: class
normalized: for
normalized: cpan
normalized: shell
normalized: extensions
normalized: csh
normalized: shell
normalized: with
normalized: file
normalized: name
normalized: completion
normalized: and
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: editing
normalized: and
normalized: much
normalized: more
normalized: your
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: files
normalized: each
normalized: user
normalized: has
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: after
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: logged
normalized: using
normalized: ssh
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: your
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: notion
normalized: your
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: your
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: can
normalized: look
normalized: our
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: path
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: pwd
normalized: print
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: command
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: always
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: and
normalized: info
normalized: commands
normalized: get
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: pwd
normalized: net
normalized: nusers
normalized: kotz
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: the
normalized: tilde
normalized: above
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: home
normalized: let
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: which
normalized: means
normalized: long
normalized: format
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: old
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: total
normalized: drwxrwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: feb
normalized: drwxrwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: jan
normalized: old
normalized: drwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: mar
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: bash
normalized: such
normalized: file
normalized: directory
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: not
normalized: found
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: total
normalized: drwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: jan
normalized: lab
normalized: drwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: feb
normalized: lab
normalized: drwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: jan
normalized: project
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: feb
normalized: testfile
normalized: rwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: feb
normalized: testread
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: yes
normalized: mistyped
normalized: two
normalized: commands
normalized: that
normalized: example
normalized: and
normalized: wanted
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: says
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: make
normalized: mistake
normalized: just
normalized: case
normalized: you
normalized: make
normalized: one
normalized: yourself
normalized: sometime
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: finally
normalized: typed
normalized: right
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: reported
normalized: that
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: command
normalized: listed
normalized: that
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: time
normalized: files
normalized: can
normalized: plain
normalized: files
normalized: directories
normalized: special
normalized: files
normalized: more
normalized: later
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: that
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: has
normalized: file
normalized: permissions
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: data
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: drwxr
normalized: kotz
normalized: root
normalized: mar
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: traverse
normalized: directory
normalized: trees
normalized: assuming
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: appropriate
normalized: permission
normalized: unix
normalized: supports
normalized: number
normalized: shells
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: interpreters
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: echo
normalized: command
normalized: can
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: environment
normalized: variable
normalized: that
normalized: tells
normalized: which
normalized: shell
normalized: running
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: born
normalized: again
normalized: shell
normalized: shell
normalized: again
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: processor
normalized: for
normalized: unix
normalized: systems
normalized: one
normalized: way
normalized: find
normalized: out
normalized: what
normalized: shell
normalized: you
normalized: running
normalized: try
normalized: this
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: shell
normalized: shell
normalized: shell
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: parameter
normalized: echo
normalized: substitutes
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: shell
normalized: more
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: shell
normalized: later
normalized: another
normalized: useful
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: copying
normalized: files
normalized: between
normalized: machines
normalized: the
normalized: scp
normalized: secure
normalized: copy
normalized: remote
normalized: file
normalized: copy
normalized: program
normalized: command
normalized: below
normalized: find
normalized: then
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: schedule
normalized: for
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: website
normalized: dfk
normalized: ssh
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: last
normalized: login
normalized: mon
normalized: mar
normalized: from
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: archive
normalized: master
normalized: bashrc
normalized: proc
normalized: log
normalized: src
normalized: web
normalized: tse
normalized: from
normalized: download
normalized: repos
normalized: awk
normalized: private
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: web
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: css
normalized: labs
normalized: logistics
normalized: reading
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: lectures
normalized: project
normalized: resources
normalized: schedule
normalized: xlsx
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: logout
normalized: connection
normalized: flume
normalized: closed
normalized: dfk
normalized: scp
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: dfk
normalized: open
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: dfk
normalized: recall
normalized: that
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: for
normalized: user
normalized: changed
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: then
normalized: into
normalized: its
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: and
normalized: listed
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: there
normalized: now
normalized: know
normalized: the
normalized: path
normalized: name
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: desired
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: name
normalized: followed
normalized: slash
normalized: followed
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: the
normalized: scp
normalized: command
normalized: allows
normalized: specify
normalized: the
normalized: host
normalized: and
normalized: pathname
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: and
normalized: destination
normalized: the
normalized: copy
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: destination
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: finally
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: macos
normalized: command
normalized: open
normalized: open
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: which
normalized: launches
normalized: preview
normalized: show
normalized: the
normalized: pdf
normalized: logging
normalized: out
normalized: when
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: logout
normalized: from
normalized: our
normalized: session
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: use
normalized: logout
normalized: exit
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: logout
normalized: connection
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: closed
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: thing
normalized: unix
normalized: machines
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: depending
normalized: your
normalized: personal
normalized: computer
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: linux
normalized: the
normalized: systems
normalized: are
normalized: running
normalized: ubuntu
normalized: gnu
normalized: linux
normalized: your
normalized: linux
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: sufficiently
normalized: compatible
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: won
normalized: have
normalized: any
normalized: trouble
normalized: developing
normalized: your
normalized: machine
normalized: and
normalized: delivering
normalized: your
normalized: assignments
normalized: machine
normalized: mac
normalized: mac
normalized: osx
normalized: unix
normalized: conforms
normalized: the
normalized: posix
normalized: standard
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: api
normalized: shell
normalized: utilities
normalized: and
normalized: threads
normalized: and
normalized: can
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: existing
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: gnu
normalized: tools
normalized: will
normalized: using
normalized: such
normalized: gcc
normalized: make
normalized: etc
normalized: are
normalized: either
normalized: included
normalized: freely
normalized: available
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: need
normalized: install
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: tools
normalized: via
normalized: xcode
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: prompted
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: first
normalized: type
normalized: gcc
normalized: make
normalized: related
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: application
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: command
normalized: remotely
normalized: log
normalized: computers
normalized: discussed
normalized: above
normalized: recommend
normalized: you
normalized: install
normalized: homebrew
normalized: windows
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: shells
normalized: for
normalized: windows
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: window
normalized: system
normalized: for
normalized: windows
normalized: systems
normalized: however
normalized: since
normalized: this
normalized: unix
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: far
normalized: better
normalized: off
normalized: doing
normalized: your
normalized: assignments
normalized: the
normalized: thayer
normalized: machines
normalized: historical
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: terminal
normalized: still
normalized: commonly
normalized: used
normalized: unix
normalized: parlance
normalized: right
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: macos
normalized: app
normalized: that
normalized: name
normalized: this
normalized: term
normalized: refers
normalized: the
normalized: fact
normalized: that
normalized: early
normalized: unix
normalized: computers
normalized: like
normalized: other
normalized: computers
normalized: its
normalized: time
normalized: had
normalized: small
normalized: number
normalized: interactive
normalized: terminals
normalized: connected
normalized: each
normalized: directly
normalized: connected
normalized: dedicated
normalized: wire
normalized: card
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: each
normalized: terminal
normalized: was
normalized: little
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: keyboard
normalized: and
normalized: screen
normalized: the
normalized: early
normalized: days
normalized: keyboard
normalized: and
normalized: printer
normalized: that
normalized: would
normalized: print
normalized: each
normalized: character
normalized: was
normalized: typed
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: characters
normalized: sent
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: such
normalized: terminals
normalized: were
normalized: teletypes
normalized: adapted
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: device
normalized: used
normalized: newsrooms
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: country
normalized: which
normalized: printed
normalized: characters
normalized: transmitted
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: phone
normalized: line
normalized: from
normalized: distant
normalized: device
normalized: this
normalized: video
normalized: shows
normalized: teletype
normalized: model
normalized: asr
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: sound
normalized: this
normalized: machine
normalized: can
normalized: you
normalized: tell
normalized: why
normalized: television
normalized: news
normalized: shows
normalized: opening
normalized: music
normalized: usually
normalized: has
normalized: stocatto
normalized: tap
normalized: tap
normalized: tap
normalized: tap
normalized: tap
normalized: background
normalized: theme
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: interactive
normalized: computer
normalized: systems
normalized: ever
normalized: used
normalized: was
normalized: pdp
normalized: running
normalized: etos
normalized: and
normalized: basic
normalized: far
normalized: simpler
normalized: than
normalized: unix
normalized: with
normalized: couple
normalized: teletype
normalized: terminals
normalized: found
normalized: video
normalized: refurbished
normalized: pdp
normalized: driving
normalized: teletype
normalized: https
normalized: www
normalized: youtube
normalized: com
normalized: watch
normalized: ylvwo
normalized: fun
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: introduction
normalized: bash
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: introduction
normalized: bash
normalized: don
normalized: forget
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: reading
normalized: this
normalized: note
normalized: discuss
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: commands
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: interpreter
normalized: and
normalized: invokes
normalized: kernel
normalized: level
normalized: commands
normalized: also
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: design
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: commands
normalized: come
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: future
normalized: note
normalized: not
normalized: recommend
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: buy
normalized: book
normalized: about
normalized: unix
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: very
normalized: good
normalized: references
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: access
normalized: online
normalized: books
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: resources
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: have
normalized: selected
normalized: some
normalized: interesting
normalized: and
normalized: useful
normalized: readings
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: help
normalized: the
normalized: meaning
normalized: syntax
normalized: any
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: command
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: manual
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: unix
normalized: system
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: just
normalized: keep
normalized: mind
normalized: that
normalized: some
normalized: commands
normalized: syntax
normalized: varies
normalized: bit
normalized: across
normalized: unix
normalized: flavors
normalized: when
normalized: doubt
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: page
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: you
normalized: using
normalized: unix
normalized: philosophy
normalized: their
normalized: book
normalized: program
normalized: design
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: environment
normalized: rob
normalized: pike
normalized: and
normalized: brian
normalized: kernighan
normalized: put
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: much
normalized: the
normalized: power
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: comes
normalized: from
normalized: style
normalized: program
normalized: design
normalized: that
normalized: makes
normalized: programs
normalized: easy
normalized: use
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: important
normalized: easy
normalized: combine
normalized: with
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: this
normalized: style
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: called
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: software
normalized: tools
normalized: and
normalized: depends
normalized: more
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: programs
normalized: fit
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: environment
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: they
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: with
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: than
normalized: how
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: designed
normalized: internally
normalized: this
normalized: style
normalized: was
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: tools
normalized: using
normalized: programs
normalized: separately
normalized: combination
normalized: get
normalized: job
normalized: done
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: doing
normalized: hand
normalized: monolithic
normalized: self
normalized: sufficient
normalized: subsystems
normalized: special
normalized: purpose
normalized: one
normalized: time
normalized: programs
normalized: historical
normalized: note
normalized: unix
normalized: unix
normalized: was
normalized: developed
normalized: bell
normalized: labs
normalized: the
normalized: group
normalized: led
normalized: doug
normalized: mcilroy
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: philosophy
normalized: write
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: one
normalized: thing
normalized: and
normalized: well
normalized: write
normalized: programs
normalized: work
normalized: together
normalized: write
normalized: programs
normalized: handle
normalized: text
normalized: streams
normalized: because
normalized: that
normalized: universal
normalized: interface
normalized: doug
normalized: mcilroy
normalized: goals
normalized: plan
normalized: cover
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: topics
normalized: this
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: switches
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: interpreter
normalized: provides
normalized: interface
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: and
normalized: executes
normalized: programs
normalized: called
normalized: commands
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: user
normalized: enters
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: executes
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: which
normalized: actually
normalized: executes
normalized: program
normalized: stored
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: bin
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: execute
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: including
normalized: scripts
normalized: text
normalized: files
normalized: interpreted
normalized: program
normalized: like
normalized: python
normalized: bash
normalized: and
normalized: compiled
normalized: programs
normalized: written
normalized: even
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: programs
normalized: once
normalized: marked
normalized: executable
normalized: become
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: run
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: becoming
normalized: familiar
normalized: with
normalized: subset
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: don
normalized: let
normalized: yourself
normalized: overwhelmed
normalized: the
normalized: presence
normalized: hundreds
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: probably
normalized: regularly
normalized: using
normalized: dozen
normalized: them
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: term
normalized: unix
normalized: has
normalized: often
normalized: been
normalized: criticized
normalized: for
normalized: being
normalized: very
normalized: terse
normalized: rumored
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: designers
normalized: were
normalized: bad
normalized: typists
normalized: many
normalized: commands
normalized: have
normalized: short
normalized: cryptic
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: vowels
normalized: are
normalized: rarity
normalized: awk
normalized: cat
normalized: chmod
normalized: echo
normalized: find
normalized: grep
normalized: sed
normalized: comm
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: use
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: output
normalized: also
normalized: very
normalized: terse
normalized: the
normalized: default
normalized: action
normalized: success
normalized: silence
normalized: only
normalized: errors
normalized: are
normalized: reported
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: are
normalized: often
normalized: terse
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: are
normalized: often
normalized: termed
normalized: tools
normalized: utilities
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: meant
normalized: simple
normalized: tools
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: combine
normalized: novel
normalized: ways
normalized: instructions
normalized: entered
normalized: response
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: prompt
normalized: are
normalized: interpreted
normalized: first
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: expanding
normalized: any
normalized: variable
normalized: references
normalized: filename
normalized: wildcards
normalized: special
normalized: syntax
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: can
normalized: rewrite
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: then
normalized: expects
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: syntax
normalized: command
normalized: arg
normalized: the
normalized: brackets
normalized: indicate
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: optional
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: notation
normalized: above
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: zero
normalized: more
normalized: arguments
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: separated
normalized: white
normalized: space
normalized: many
normalized: commands
normalized: can
normalized: executed
normalized: with
normalized: without
normalized: arguments
normalized: others
normalized: require
normalized: arguments
normalized: certain
normalized: number
normalized: arguments
normalized: sort
normalized: anothersort
normalized: work
normalized: correctly
normalized: none
normalized: are
normalized: supplied
normalized: they
normalized: will
normalized: provide
normalized: some
normalized: error
normalized: message
normalized: return
normalized: another
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: philosophy
normalized: avoid
normalized: explosion
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: commands
normalized: having
normalized: most
normalized: commands
normalized: support
normalized: various
normalized: options
normalized: sometimes
normalized: called
normalized: flags
normalized: switches
normalized: which
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: actions
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: let
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: option
normalized: switch
normalized: list
normalized: long
normalized: format
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: filename
normalized: filename
normalized: switches
normalized: are
normalized: often
normalized: single
normalized: characters
normalized: preceded
normalized: hyphen
normalized: most
normalized: commands
normalized: accept
normalized: switches
normalized: any
normalized: order
normalized: though
normalized: they
normalized: generally
normalized: must
normalized: appear
normalized: before
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: arguments
normalized: usually
normalized: filenames
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: arguments
normalized: represent
normalized: file
normalized: directory
normalized: names
normalized: the
normalized: options
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: operation
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: usually
normalized: operated
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: invoked
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: itself
normalized: unix
normalized: programs
normalized: always
normalized: receive
normalized: list
normalized: arguments
normalized: containing
normalized: least
normalized: one
normalized: argument
normalized: which
normalized: always
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: name
normalized: itself
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: first
normalized: argument
normalized: would
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: argument
normalized: referred
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: zero
normalized: argument
normalized: our
normalized: example
normalized: argument
normalized: and
normalized: argument
normalized: filename
normalized: some
normalized: commands
normalized: also
normalized: accept
normalized: their
normalized: switches
normalized: grouped
normalized: together
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: switches
normalized: are
normalized: identical
normalized: tla
normalized: foople
normalized: foople
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: words
normalized: tokens
normalized: command
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: arguments
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: asks
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: corresponding
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: interpretation
normalized: the
normalized: arguments
normalized: switches
normalized: filenames
normalized: something
normalized: else
normalized: determined
normalized: that
normalized: program
normalized: typically
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: processes
normalized: the
normalized: complete
normalized: line
normalized: after
normalized: carriage
normalized: return
normalized: entered
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: goes
normalized: off
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: specified
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: pathname
normalized: whether
normalized: relative
normalized: mycommand
normalized: absolute
normalized: bin
normalized: engs
normalized: mycommand
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: simply
normalized: executes
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: not
normalized: pathname
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: searches
normalized: through
normalized: list
normalized: directories
normalized: your
normalized: path
normalized: which
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: variable
normalized: called
normalized: path
normalized: shell
normalized: path
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: your
normalized: path
normalized: asking
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: substitute
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: path
normalized: and
normalized: pass
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: echo
normalized: command
normalized: engs
normalized: echo
normalized: path
normalized: usr
normalized: lib
normalized: bin
normalized: usr
normalized: lib
normalized: ccache
normalized: usr
normalized: local
normalized: bin
normalized: usr
normalized: bin
normalized: usr
normalized: local
normalized: sbin
normalized: usr
normalized: sbin
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: bin
normalized: bin
normalized: usr
normalized: bin
normalized: sbin
normalized: usr
normalized: sbin
normalized: usr
normalized: java
normalized: sdk
normalized: bin
normalized: usr
normalized: local
normalized: bin
normalized: usr
normalized: local
normalized: bin
normalized: engs
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: general
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: shown
normalized: this
normalized: note
normalized: demonstrate
normalized: notional
normalized: output
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: see
normalized: exactly
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: information
normalized: portrayed
normalized: you
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: commands
normalized: shell
normalized: prompts
normalized: show
normalized: you
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: user
normalized: machine
normalized: and
normalized: location
normalized: engs
normalized: shell
normalized: prompt
normalized: for
normalized: user
normalized: engs
normalized: machine
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: currently
normalized: the
normalized: users
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: where
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: executed
normalized: above
normalized: reside
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: directory
normalized: hierarchy
normalized: let
normalized: use
normalized: another
normalized: command
normalized: find
normalized: out
normalized: engs
normalized: which
normalized: aliased
normalized: usr
normalized: bin
normalized: bin
normalized: usr
normalized: bin
normalized: engs
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: response
normalized: says
normalized: that
normalized: aliased
normalized: this
normalized: shell
normalized: feature
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: allows
normalized: define
normalized: aliases
normalized: which
normalized: act
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: commands
normalized: but
normalized: are
normalized: actually
normalized: just
normalized: textual
normalized: substitution
normalized: command
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: alias
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: string
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: thus
normalized: any
normalized: time
normalized: type
normalized: blah
normalized: blah
normalized: treats
normalized: had
normalized: typed
normalized: blah
normalized: blah
normalized: the
normalized: option
normalized: tells
normalized: add
normalized: trailing
normalized: symbol
normalized: some
normalized: names
normalized: its
normalized: output
normalized: adds
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: directories
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: symbolic
normalized: links
normalized: that
normalized: another
normalized: conversation
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: even
normalized: specialized
normalized: cases
normalized: course
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: then
normalized: still
normalized: needs
normalized: resolve
normalized: then
normalized: searches
normalized: the
normalized: path
normalized: find
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: name
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: appears
normalized: that
normalized: exists
normalized: both
normalized: usr
normalized: bin
normalized: and
normalized: bin
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: will
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: one
normalized: because
normalized: found
normalized: first
normalized: the
normalized: path
normalized: below
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: effect
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: alias
normalized: and
normalized: bin
normalized: the
normalized: raw
normalized: command
normalized: without
normalized: the
normalized: engs
normalized: archive
normalized: private
normalized: proc
normalized: log
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: web
normalized: engs
normalized: bin
normalized: archive
normalized: private
normalized: proc
normalized: log
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: web
normalized: engs
normalized: viewing
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: any
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: cat
normalized: command
normalized: named
normalized: because
normalized: concatenates
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: listed
normalized: arguments
normalized: printing
normalized: one
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: for
normalized: very
normalized: long
normalized: files
normalized: though
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: will
normalized: quickly
normalized: scroll
normalized: off
normalized: your
normalized: terminal
normalized: less
normalized: more
normalized: the
normalized: less
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: commands
normalized: are
normalized: handy
normalized: for
normalized: quickly
normalized: looking
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: less
normalized: filename
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: filename
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: each
normalized: similarly
normalized: head
normalized: and
normalized: tail
normalized: display
normalized: number
normalized: lines
normalized: selectable
normalized: via
normalized: switches
normalized: course
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: and
normalized: end
normalized: file
normalized: respectively
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: these
normalized: cat
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: head
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: tail
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: more
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: and
normalized: less
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: lists
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: accounts
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: each
normalized: account
normalized: editing
normalized: files
normalized: long
normalized: before
normalized: there
normalized: were
normalized: windows
normalized: and
normalized: graphical
normalized: displays
normalized: even
normalized: screens
normalized: there
normalized: were
normalized: text
normalized: editors
normalized: two
normalized: are
normalized: common
normalized: use
normalized: unix
normalized: system
normalized: today
normalized: emacs
normalized: and
normalized: actually
normalized: there
normalized: expanded
normalized: improved
normalized: version
normalized: called
normalized: vim
normalized: which
normalized: quite
normalized: popular
normalized: strongly
normalized: recommend
normalized: emacs
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: planning
normalized: take
normalized: engs
normalized: our
normalized: embedded
normalized: systems
normalized: course
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: xilinx
normalized: vivado
normalized: tool
normalized: chain
normalized: provides
normalized: emacs
normalized: mode
normalized: for
normalized: editing
normalized: also
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: that
normalized: many
normalized: emacs
normalized: commands
normalized: are
normalized: available
normalized: bash
normalized: for
normalized: working
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: try
normalized: both
normalized: and
normalized: become
normalized: comfortable
normalized: with
normalized: least
normalized: one
normalized: yes
normalized: tempting
normalized: use
normalized: external
normalized: graphical
normalized: editor
normalized: like
normalized: sublime
normalized: but
normalized: frequently
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: when
normalized: working
normalized: with
normalized: embedded
normalized: systems
normalized: and
normalized: servers
normalized: that
normalized: there
normalized: simply
normalized: not
normalized: graphical
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: these
normalized: cases
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: use
normalized: text
normalized: only
normalized: editor
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: get
normalized: used
normalized: now
normalized: see
normalized: engs
normalized: resources
normalized: editors
normalized: for
normalized: some
normalized: resources
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: learn
normalized: emacs
normalized: vim
normalized: provided
normalized: min
normalized: learn
normalized: emacs
normalized: fast
normalized: video
normalized: help
normalized: unix
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: hierarchical
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: consists
normalized: very
normalized: small
normalized: number
normalized: different
normalized: file
normalized: types
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: most
normalized: common
normalized: types
normalized: are
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: directories
normalized: directory
normalized: akin
normalized: folder
normalized: macos
normalized: windows
normalized: computer
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: locations
normalized: all
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: directories
normalized: below
normalized: directory
normalized: always
normalized: contains
normalized: two
normalized: special
normalized: files
normalized: dot
normalized: and
normalized: dot
normalized: dot
normalized: represents
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: itself
normalized: and
normalized: represents
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: parent
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: make
normalized: new
normalized: directory
normalized: change
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: that
normalized: new
normalized: directory
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: parent
normalized: engs
normalized: mkdir
normalized: test
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: echo
normalized: hello
normalized: somefile
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: somefile
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: somefile
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: somefile
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: archive
normalized: private
normalized: proc
normalized: log
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: test
normalized: web
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: directory
normalized: names
normalized: are
normalized: separated
normalized: forward
normalized: slash
normalized: forming
normalized: pathnames
normalized: pathname
normalized: filename
normalized: that
normalized: includes
normalized: some
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: directories
normalized: leading
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: absolute
normalized: pathname
normalized: relative
normalized: the
normalized: root
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: begins
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: whereas
normalized: relative
normalized: pathname
normalized: relative
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: relative
normalized: pathname
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: engs
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: preliminaries
normalized: html
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: usernames
normalized: txt
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: dougmcilroy
normalized: pdf
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: programming
normalized: docx
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: programming
normalized: pdf
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: startingsublime
normalized: pdf
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: toomey
normalized: unix
normalized: pdf
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: azul
normalized: css
normalized: help
normalized: html
normalized: lab
normalized: oldindex
normalized: html
normalized: software
normalized: html
normalized: exams
normalized: indexbak
normalized: html
normalized: lectures
normalized: syllabus
normalized: html
normalized: exams
normalized: html
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: old
normalized: schedule
normalized: html
normalized: engs
normalized: implied
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: prompt
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: engs
normalized: which
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: user
normalized: engs
normalized: which
normalized: happens
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: path
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: moving
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: change
normalized: directory
normalized: command
normalized: allows
normalized: move
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: directory
normalized: hierarchy
normalized: that
normalized: change
normalized: our
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: from
normalized: which
normalized: all
normalized: relative
normalized: filenames
normalized: and
normalized: pathnames
normalized: will
normalized: resolved
normalized: let
normalized: combine
normalized: pwd
normalized: and
normalized: move
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: directories
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: rooted
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: remember
normalized: that
normalized: refers
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: refers
normalized: the
normalized: parent
normalized: directory
normalized: engs
normalized: mkdir
normalized: test
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: engs
normalized: test
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: css
normalized: labs
normalized: logistics
normalized: reading
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: notes
normalized: project
normalized: resources
normalized: schedule
normalized: xlsx
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: dougmcilroy
normalized: pdf
normalized: homebrew
normalized: html
normalized: programming
normalized: pdf
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: startingsublime
normalized: pdf
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: programming
normalized: docx
normalized: toomey
normalized: unix
normalized: pdf
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: engs
normalized: archive
normalized: private
normalized: proc
normalized: log
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: test
normalized: web
normalized: engs
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: prompt
normalized: helpfully
normalized: tracking
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: move
normalized: listing
normalized: and
normalized: globbing
normalized: files
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: popular
normalized: set
normalized: switches
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: with
normalized: list
normalized: long
normalized: format
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: doing
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: entries
normalized: including
normalized: dot
normalized: files
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: normally
normalized: hidden
normalized: sort
normalized: modification
normalized: time
normalized: latest
normalized: first
normalized: list
normalized: reverse
normalized: order
normalized: alphabetical
normalized: time
normalized: list
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: subdirectories
normalized: recursively
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: also
normalized: interprets
normalized: certain
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: like
normalized: and
normalized: matches
normalized: zero
normalized: more
normalized: characters
normalized: matches
normalized: one
normalized: character
normalized: and
normalized: matches
normalized: one
normalized: character
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: range
normalized: characters
normalized: listed
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: brackets
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: dougmcilroy
normalized: pdf
normalized: homebrew
normalized: html
normalized: programming
normalized: pdf
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: startingsublime
normalized: pdf
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: programming
normalized: docx
normalized: toomey
normalized: unix
normalized: pdf
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: pdf
normalized: dougmcilroy
normalized: pdf
normalized: startingsublime
normalized: pdf
normalized: programming
normalized: pdf
normalized: toomey
normalized: unix
normalized: pdf
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: homebrew
normalized: html
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: programming
normalized: docx
normalized: programming
normalized: pdf
normalized: toomey
normalized: unix
normalized: pdf
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: homebrew
normalized: html
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: hidden
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: normally
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: list
normalized: any
normalized: files
normalized: whose
normalized: filename
normalized: begins
normalized: with
normalized: there
normalized: nothing
normalized: special
normalized: about
normalized: these
normalized: files
normalized: except
normalized: and
normalized: far
normalized: unix
normalized: concerned
normalized: simply
normalized: convention
normalized: files
normalized: whose
normalized: names
normalized: begin
normalized: with
normalized: are
normalized: considered
normalized: hidden
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: not
normalized: listed
normalized: matched
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: globbing
normalized: character
normalized: home
normalized: directories
normalized: particular
normalized: include
normalized: many
normalized: hidden
normalized: but
normalized: important
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: tells
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: files
normalized: including
normalized: those
normalized: that
normalized: begin
normalized: with
normalized: dot
normalized: aka
normalized: the
normalized: hidden
normalized: files
normalized: engs
normalized: archive
normalized: private
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: web
normalized: engs
normalized: archive
normalized: bash
normalized: logout
normalized: bashrc
normalized: environset
normalized: private
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: ssh
normalized: viminfo
normalized: web
normalized: bash
normalized: history
normalized: bash
normalized: profile
normalized: emacs
normalized: forward
normalized: procmailrc
normalized: resources
normalized: vim
normalized: vimrc
normalized: see
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: dot
normalized: files
normalized: let
normalized: get
normalized: clever
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: glob
normalized: characters
normalized: engs
normalized: bash
normalized: history
normalized: bash
normalized: profile
normalized: emacs
normalized: forward
normalized: ssh
normalized: viminfo
normalized: bash
normalized: logout
normalized: bashrc
normalized: environset
normalized: procmailrc
normalized: vim
normalized: vimrc
normalized: engs
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: dot
normalized: files
normalized: dot
normalized: directories
normalized: are
normalized: important
normalized: one
normalized: program
normalized: another
normalized: bash
normalized: history
normalized: used
normalized: bash
normalized: record
normalized: history
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: typed
normalized: bash
normalized: logout
normalized: executed
normalized: bash
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: log
normalized: out
normalized: bash
normalized: profile
normalized: executed
normalized: bash
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: log
normalized: bashrc
normalized: executed
normalized: bash
normalized: whenever
normalized: you
normalized: start
normalized: new
normalized: shell
normalized: emacs
normalized: directory
normalized: used
normalized: emacs
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: environset
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: specific
normalized: thing
normalized: read
normalized: bashrc
normalized: forward
normalized: tells
normalized: mail
normalized: where
normalized: forwad
normalized: your
normalized: email
normalized: procmailrc
normalized: for
normalized: handling
normalized: email
normalized: with
normalized: procmail
normalized: ssh
normalized: directory
normalized: used
normalized: inbound
normalized: ssh
normalized: connections
normalized: vim
normalized: directory
normalized: used
normalized: vim
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: viminfo
normalized: used
normalized: vim
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: vimrc
normalized: used
normalized: vim
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: bash
normalized: shell
normalized: startup
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: shell
normalized: looks
normalized: for
normalized: several
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: bash
normalized: profile
normalized: executed
normalized: bash
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: log
normalized: bashrc
normalized: executed
normalized: bash
normalized: whenever
normalized: you
normalized: start
normalized: new
normalized: shell
normalized: bash
normalized: logout
normalized: executed
normalized: bash
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: log
normalized: out
normalized: bash
normalized: history
normalized: used
normalized: bash
normalized: record
normalized: history
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: typed
normalized: the
normalized: bashrc
normalized: file
normalized: especially
normalized: important
normalized: because
normalized: bash
normalized: reads
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: you
normalized: start
normalized: new
normalized: bash
normalized: shell
normalized: that
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: log
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: start
normalized: new
normalized: interactive
normalized: shell
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: new
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: contrast
normalized: bash
normalized: profile
normalized: only
normalized: read
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: login
normalized: each
normalized: case
normalized: bash
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: executes
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: therein
normalized: thus
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: configure
normalized: your
normalized: bash
normalized: experience
normalized: having
normalized: declare
normalized: some
normalized: variables
normalized: define
normalized: some
normalized: aliases
normalized: and
normalized: set
normalized: some
normalized: personal
normalized: favorites
normalized: locating
normalized: files
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: find
normalized: file
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: know
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: tree
normalized: unix
normalized: directory
normalized: structure
normalized: tree
normalized: rooted
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: find
normalized: command
normalized: can
normalized: walk
normalized: file
normalized: hierarchy
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: name
normalized: dougmcilroy
normalized: pdf
normalized: print
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: dougmcilroy
normalized: pdf
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: iname
normalized: reading
normalized: print
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: reading
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: type
normalized: print
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: logistics
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: project
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: notes
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: css
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: reading
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: name
normalized: html
normalized: print
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: logistics
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: preliminaries
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: project
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: notes
normalized: gettingstarted
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: notes
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: reading
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: name
normalized: png
normalized: mtime
normalized: print
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: homebrew
normalized: png
normalized: engs
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: example
normalized: searches
normalized: directory
normalized: find
normalized: file
normalized: specific
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: prints
normalized: its
normalized: pathname
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: example
normalized: used
normalized: iname
normalized: case
normalized: insensitive
normalized: search
normalized: instead
normalized: name
normalized: which
normalized: case
normalized: sensitive
normalized: search
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: reading
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: example
normalized: searches
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: any
normalized: directories
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: prints
normalized: their
normalized: pathnames
normalized: the
normalized: fourth
normalized: example
normalized: uses
normalized: wildcard
normalized: print
normalized: pathnames
normalized: files
normalized: whose
normalized: name
normalized: matches
normalized: pattern
normalized: the
normalized: backslash
normalized: there
normalized: prevent
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: from
normalized: interpreting
normalized: the
normalized: allowing
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: argument
normalized: find
normalized: which
normalized: interprets
normalized: that
normalized: character
normalized: itself
normalized: the
normalized: fifth
normalized: example
normalized: combines
normalized: two
normalized: factors
normalized: print
normalized: pathnames
normalized: files
normalized: whose
normalized: name
normalized: matches
normalized: png
normalized: and
normalized: whose
normalized: modication
normalized: time
normalized: mtime
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: one
normalized: day
normalized: the
normalized: past
normalized: our
normalized: top
normalized: commands
normalized: explored
normalized: almost
normalized: four
normalized: dozen
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: below
normalized: those
normalized: with
normalized: asterisk
normalized: will
normalized: introduced
normalized: later
normalized: you
normalized: often
normalized: need
normalized: only
normalized: about
normalized: half
normalized: them
normalized: alias
normalized: cat
normalized: chmod
normalized: comm
normalized: cut
normalized: date
normalized: echo
normalized: emacs
normalized: expr
normalized: exit
normalized: file
normalized: find
normalized: gcc
normalized: gdb
normalized: git
normalized: grep
normalized: head
normalized: less
normalized: logout
normalized: lpr
normalized: make
normalized: man
normalized: mkdir
normalized: more
normalized: open
normalized: macos
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: pbcopy
normalized: macos
normalized: pwd
normalized: rmdir
normalized: scp
normalized: sed
normalized: sort
normalized: ssh
normalized: tail
normalized: tar
normalized: touch
normalized: uniq
normalized: whereis
normalized: which
normalized: vim
normalized: historical
normalized: note
normalized: recall
normalized: mentioned
normalized: teletypes
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: lecture
normalized: was
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: that
normalized: teletype
normalized: was
normalized: actually
normalized: used
normalized: interact
normalized: with
normalized: remote
normalized: computer
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: ever
normalized: long
normalized: distance
normalized: terminal
normalized: decades
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: navigating
normalized: within
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: system
normalized: little
normalized: challenging
normalized: navigate
normalized: there
normalized: message
normalized: that
normalized: displayed
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: bottom
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: first
normalized: enter
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: missed
normalized: most
normalized: people
normalized: manual
normalized: page
normalized: xxx
normalized: line
normalized: press
normalized: for
normalized: help
normalized: quit
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: many
normalized: more
normalized: commands
normalized: than
normalized: you
normalized: likely
normalized: ever
normalized: use
normalized: when
normalized: reading
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: this
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: page
normalized: reader
normalized: actually
normalized: the
normalized: less
normalized: command
normalized: unix
normalized: tend
normalized: use
normalized: only
normalized: few
normalized: space
normalized: the
normalized: spacebar
normalized: advances
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: screenful
normalized: goes
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: previous
normalized: screenful
normalized: down
normalized: arrow
normalized: advances
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: line
normalized: arrow
normalized: goes
normalized: back
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: allows
normalized: one
normalized: type
normalized: search
normalized: phrase
normalized: and
normalized: hit
normalized: return
normalized: quits
normalized: man
normalized: and
normalized: returns
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: prompt
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: shells
normalized: shells
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: shells
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: number
normalized: shells
normalized: available
normalized: unix
normalized: user
normalized: which
normalized: one
normalized: you
normalized: select
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: common
normalized: shells
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: shell
normalized: known
normalized: the
normalized: bourne
normalized: shell
normalized: csh
normalized: tcsh
normalized: well
normalized: known
normalized: and
normalized: widely
normalized: used
normalized: derivatives
normalized: the
normalized: bourne
normalized: shell
normalized: ksh
normalized: the
normalized: korn
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: bash
normalized: the
normalized: bourne
normalized: again
normalized: shell
normalized: developed
normalized: gnu
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: popular
normalized: shell
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: linux
normalized: bash
normalized: the
normalized: default
normalized: shell
normalized: for
normalized: new
normalized: unix
normalized: accounts
normalized: our
normalized: department
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: shell
normalized: operation
normalized: follows
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: word
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: alias
normalized: substitutes
normalized: the
normalized: alias
normalized: text
normalized: and
normalized: again
normalized: identifies
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: one
normalized: built
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: few
normalized: like
normalized: echo
normalized: pwd
normalized: and
normalized: which
normalized: performs
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: action
normalized: otherwise
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: looks
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: matches
normalized: that
normalized: program
normalized: name
normalized: searching
normalized: directories
normalized: listed
normalized: the
normalized: path
normalized: variable
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: then
normalized: starts
normalized: that
normalized: program
normalized: new
normalized: process
normalized: and
normalized: passes
normalized: any
normalized: options
normalized: and
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: process
normalized: running
normalized: program
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: list
normalized: your
normalized: processes
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: file
normalized: type
normalized: unix
normalized: itself
normalized: imposes
normalized: almost
normalized: constraints
normalized: interpretation
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: only
normalized: common
normalized: case
normalized: that
normalized: compiled
normalized: executable
normalized: program
normalized: has
normalized: very
normalized: specific
normalized: binary
normalized: format
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: unix
normalized: execute
normalized: all
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: some
normalized: program
normalized: another
normalized: and
normalized: those
normalized: programs
normalized: interpret
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: they
normalized: see
normalized: fit
normalized: the
normalized: great
normalized: power
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: that
normalized: any
normalized: file
normalized: can
normalized: read
normalized: any
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: common
normalized: format
normalized: are
normalized: plain
normalized: text
normalized: ascii
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: formatted
normalized: series
normalized: lines
normalized: delimited
normalized: newline
normalized: characters
normalized: known
normalized: its
normalized: ascii
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: unsure
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: file
normalized: text
normalized: binary
normalized: compressed
normalized: unix
normalized: executabe
normalized: some
normalized: format
normalized: specific
normalized: certain
normalized: application
normalized: etc
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: command
normalized: useful
normalized: makes
normalized: attempt
normalized: judge
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: engs
normalized: file
normalized: downloaded
normalized: downloaded
normalized: posix
normalized: tar
normalized: archive
normalized: engs
normalized: file
normalized: fig
normalized: fig
normalized: gif
normalized: image
normalized: data
normalized: version
normalized: engs
normalized: file
normalized: trash
normalized: tar
normalized: trash
normalized: tar
normalized: gzip
normalized: compressed
normalized: data
normalized: from
normalized: unix
normalized: engs
normalized: file
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: schedule
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: pdf
normalized: document
normalized: version
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: schedule
normalized: xlsx
normalized: microsoft
normalized: excel
normalized: engs
normalized: file
normalized: bin
normalized: bin
normalized: elf
normalized: bit
normalized: lsb
normalized: shared
normalized: object
normalized: version
normalized: sysv
normalized: dynamically
normalized: linked
normalized: interpreter
normalized: lib
normalized: linux
normalized: for
normalized: gnu
normalized: linux
normalized: buildid
normalized: sha
normalized: cdbf
normalized: stripped
normalized: engs
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: bash
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: bash
normalized: don
normalized: forget
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: reading
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: continue
normalized: our
normalized: discussion
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: commands
normalized: goals
normalized: plan
normalized: learn
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: today
normalized: redirection
normalized: and
normalized: pipes
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: and
normalized: quoting
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: output
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: this
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: class
normalized: sit
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: and
normalized: get
normalized: know
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: mates
normalized: experiment
normalized: with
normalized: shell
normalized: pipelines
normalized: this
normalized: activity
normalized: class
normalized: scripts
normalized: recorded
normalized: terminal
normalized: windows
normalized: from
normalized: flume
normalized: and
normalized: mac
normalized: redirection
normalized: and
normalized: pipes
normalized: date
normalized: have
normalized: seen
normalized: unix
normalized: programs
normalized: using
normalized: default
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: output
normalized: called
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: stdin
normalized: and
normalized: standard
normalized: output
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: display
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: able
normalized: redirect
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: output
normalized: programs
normalized: example
normalized: output
normalized: redirection
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: engs
normalized: date
normalized: listing
normalized: engs
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: listing
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: redirection
normalized: writes
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: date
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: listing
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: date
normalized: process
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: directed
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: instead
normalized: the
normalized: default
normalized: the
normalized: display
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: operation
normalized: created
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: exist
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: redirection
normalized: command
normalized: was
normalized: executed
normalized: next
normalized: append
normalized: recursive
normalized: long
normalized: format
normalized: directory
normalized: listing
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: file
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: double
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: append
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: overwriting
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: target
normalized: filenames
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: simply
normalized: writes
normalized: stdout
normalized: always
normalized: does
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: has
normalized: arranged
normalized: for
normalized: stdout
normalized: directed
normalized: file
normalized: instead
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: also
normalized: supports
normalized: input
normalized: redirection
normalized: this
normalized: provides
normalized: input
normalized: program
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: let
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: prime
normalized: numbers
normalized: using
normalized: output
normalized: redirection
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: cat
normalized: command
normalized: can
normalized: come
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: can
normalized: instruct
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: redirect
normalized: the
normalized: cat
normalized: command
normalized: output
normalized: stdout
normalized: file
normalized: named
normalized: primes
normalized: the
normalized: numbers
normalized: are
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: and
normalized: ctrl
normalized: used
normalized: signal
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: eof
normalized: engs
normalized: cat
normalized: primes
normalized: engs
normalized: input
normalized: redirection
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: use
normalized: file
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: redirection
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: primes
normalized: used
normalized: input
normalized: cat
normalized: which
normalized: sends
normalized: its
normalized: standard
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: engs
normalized: cat
normalized: primes
normalized: engs
normalized: many
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: cat
normalized: sort
normalized: allow
normalized: you
normalized: provide
normalized: input
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: specify
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: cat
normalized: carriage
normalized: return
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: expects
normalized: input
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: unix
normalized: also
normalized: supports
normalized: powerful
normalized: pipe
normalized: operator
normalized: for
normalized: passing
normalized: data
normalized: between
normalized: commands
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: operator
normalized: vertical
normalized: bar
normalized: usually
normalized: located
normalized: above
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: your
normalized: keyboard
normalized: pipes
normalized: connect
normalized: commands
normalized: that
normalized: run
normalized: separate
normalized: processes
normalized: data
normalized: becomes
normalized: available
normalized: the
normalized: processes
normalized: are
normalized: scheduled
normalized: pipes
normalized: were
normalized: invented
normalized: doug
normalized: mcilroy
normalized: while
normalized: was
normalized: working
normalized: with
normalized: ken
normalized: thompson
normalized: and
normalized: dennis
normalized: ritchie
normalized: amp
normalized: bell
normalized: labs
normalized: mentioned
normalized: earlier
normalized: doug
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: adjunct
normalized: professor
normalized: here
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: for
normalized: several
normalized: years
normalized: now
normalized: this
normalized: two
normalized: page
normalized: interview
normalized: the
normalized: middle
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: column
normalized: doug
normalized: tells
normalized: how
normalized: pipes
normalized: were
normalized: invented
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: selected
normalized: the
normalized: operator
normalized: pay
normalized: special
normalized: attention
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: paragraph
normalized: the
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: time
normalized: sharing
normalized: system
normalized: had
normalized: something
normalized: similar
normalized: even
normalized: earlier
normalized: pipes
normalized: are
normalized: clever
normalized: invention
normalized: indeed
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: need
normalized: for
normalized: separate
normalized: temporary
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: sharing
normalized: data
normalized: between
normalized: processes
normalized: not
normalized: required
normalized: because
normalized: commands
normalized: are
normalized: implemented
normalized: processes
normalized: program
normalized: reading
normalized: empty
normalized: pipe
normalized: will
normalized: suspended
normalized: until
normalized: there
normalized: data
normalized: information
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: read
normalized: there
normalized: limit
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: programs
normalized: commands
normalized: the
normalized: pipeline
normalized: our
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: four
normalized: programs
normalized: the
normalized: pipeline
normalized: all
normalized: running
normalized: simultaneously
normalized: waiting
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: engs
normalized: sort
normalized: primes
normalized: uniq
normalized: grep
normalized: more
normalized: engs
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: between
normalized: pipes
normalized: and
normalized: redirection
normalized: basically
normalized: redirection
normalized: used
normalized: direct
normalized: the
normalized: stdout
normalized: command
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: stdin
normalized: command
normalized: pipes
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: redirect
normalized: the
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: stdin
normalized: another
normalized: command
normalized: this
normalized: operator
normalized: allows
normalized: glue
normalized: together
normalized: programs
normalized: filters
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: plain
normalized: text
normalized: sent
normalized: between
normalized: them
normalized: plain
normalized: text
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: processes
normalized: nice
normalized: design
normalized: decision
normalized: this
normalized: supports
normalized: the
normalized: notion
normalized: reuse
normalized: and
normalized: allows
normalized: build
normalized: sophisticated
normalized: programs
normalized: quickly
normalized: and
normalized: simply
normalized: another
normalized: cool
normalized: feature
normalized: unix
normalized: notice
normalized: three
normalized: new
normalized: commands
normalized: above
normalized: sort
normalized: uniq
normalized: and
normalized: grep
normalized: sort
normalized: reads
normalized: lines
normalized: from
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: the
normalized: lines
normalized: sorted
normalized: order
normalized: here
normalized: tells
normalized: sort
normalized: use
normalized: numeric
normalized: order
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: alphabetical
normalized: order
normalized: uniq
normalized: removes
normalized: duplicates
normalized: printing
normalized: only
normalized: one
normalized: run
normalized: identical
normalized: lines
normalized: grep
normalized: prints
normalized: lines
normalized: matching
normalized: pattern
normalized: more
normalized: generally
normalized: regular
normalized: expression
normalized: here
normalized: inverts
normalized: this
normalized: behavior
normalized: print
normalized: lines
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: match
normalized: the
normalized: pattern
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: pattern
normalized: simply
normalized: and
normalized: grep
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: print
normalized: that
normalized: number
normalized: comes
normalized: through
normalized: and
normalized: saw
normalized: last
normalized: time
normalized: more
normalized: pauses
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: when
normalized: would
normalized: scroll
normalized: off
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: file
normalized: primes
normalized: not
normalized: changed
normalized: executing
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: above
normalized: rather
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: sort
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: manipulated
normalized: processed
normalized: each
normalized: stage
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: pipe
normalized: line
normalized: because
normalized: sort
normalized: and
normalized: cat
normalized: are
normalized: happy
normalized: read
normalized: its
normalized: input
normalized: data
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: given
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: pipelines
normalized: all
normalized: achieve
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: result
normalized: engs
normalized: sort
normalized: primes
normalized: uniq
normalized: grep
normalized: more
normalized: engs
normalized: cat
normalized: primes
normalized: sort
normalized: uniq
normalized: grep
normalized: more
normalized: engs
normalized: cat
normalized: primes
normalized: sort
normalized: uniq
normalized: grep
normalized: more
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: think
normalized: would
normalized: most
normalized: efficient
normalized: another
normalized: pipeline
normalized: how
normalized: did
normalized: create
normalized: that
normalized: list
normalized: existing
normalized: usernames
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: engs
normalized: cut
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: sort
normalized: usernames
normalized: txt
normalized: see
normalized: man
normalized: cut
normalized: understand
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: command
normalized: does
normalized: another
normalized: example
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: popular
normalized: shell
normalized: try
normalized: each
normalized: these
normalized: turn
normalized: engs
normalized: cut
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: engs
normalized: cut
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: less
normalized: engs
normalized: cut
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: sort
normalized: engs
normalized: cut
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: sort
normalized: uniq
normalized: engs
normalized: cut
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: sort
normalized: uniq
normalized: sort
normalized: engs
normalized: cut
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: sort
normalized: uniq
normalized: sort
normalized: macos
normalized: tip
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: three
normalized: great
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: know
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: linux
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: interact
normalized: with
normalized: macos
normalized: open
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: pbcopy
normalized: you
normalized: already
normalized: seen
normalized: the
normalized: open
normalized: command
normalized: which
normalized: macos
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: will
normalized: open
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: viewing
normalized: the
normalized: relevant
normalized: macos
normalized: application
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: photo
normalized: file
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: type
normalized: open
normalized: photo
normalized: jpg
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: preview
normalized: launch
normalized: and
normalized: open
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: type
normalized: open
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: safari
normalized: launch
normalized: and
normalized: render
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: and
normalized: pbcopy
normalized: are
normalized: great
normalized: fit
normalized: into
normalized: many
normalized: pipelines
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: command
normalized: prints
normalized: the
normalized: macos
normalized: clipboard
normalized: its
normalized: standard
normalized: output
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: copies
normalized: its
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: macos
normalized: clipboard
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: select
normalized: some
normalized: text
normalized: window
normalized: somewhere
normalized: then
normalized: cmd
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: clipboard
normalized: then
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: lines
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: clipboard
normalized: pbcopy
normalized: saves
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: listing
normalized: the
normalized: clipboard
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: paste
normalized: into
normalized: piazza
normalized: email
normalized: message
normalized: some
normalized: document
normalized: not
normalized: certain
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: combine
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: and
normalized: pbcopy
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: however
normalized: you
normalized: wanted
normalized: replace
normalized: the
normalized: clipboard
normalized: with
normalized: its
normalized: number
normalized: lines
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: try
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: pbcopy
normalized: but
normalized: careful
normalized: mixing
normalized: those
normalized: two
normalized: commands
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: output
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: learned
normalized: above
normalized: every
normalized: process
normalized: running
normalized: program
normalized: has
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: abbreviated
normalized: stdin
normalized: and
normalized: standard
normalized: output
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: sets
normalized: stdin
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: default
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: can
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: redirect
normalized: stdin
normalized: using
normalized: pipe
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: sets
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: display
normalized: default
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: can
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: redirect
normalized: stdout
normalized: using
normalized: pipe
normalized: each
normalized: process
normalized: also
normalized: has
normalized: standard
normalized: error
normalized: stderr
normalized: which
normalized: most
normalized: programs
normalized: use
normalized: for
normalized: printing
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: the
normalized: separation
normalized: stdout
normalized: and
normalized: stderr
normalized: important
normalized: when
normalized: stdin
normalized: redirected
normalized: file
normalized: pipe
normalized: because
normalized: normal
normalized: output
normalized: can
normalized: flow
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: pipe
normalized: while
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: reach
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: running
normalized: process
normalized: these
normalized: three
normalized: streams
normalized: are
normalized: represented
normalized: with
normalized: numeric
normalized: file
normalized: descriptors
normalized: stdin
normalized: stdout
normalized: stderr
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: redirect
normalized: using
normalized: these
normalized: numbers
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: thus
normalized: redirect
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: error
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: symbol
normalized: suppose
normalized: was
normalized: logged
normalized: dfk
normalized: and
normalized: wanted
normalized: make
normalized: list
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: files
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: anywhere
normalized: the
normalized: account
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: tree
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: name
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: pages
normalized: find
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: archive
normalized: src
normalized: permission
normalized: denied
normalized: find
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: emacs
normalized: permission
normalized: denied
normalized: find
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: private
normalized: permission
normalized: denied
normalized: engs
normalized: redirected
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: find
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: pages
normalized: and
normalized: indeed
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: filled
normalized: with
normalized: useful
normalized: information
normalized: but
normalized: find
normalized: printed
normalized: its
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: could
normalized: still
normalized: see
normalized: them
normalized: suppose
normalized: wanted
normalized: capture
normalized: those
normalized: errors
normalized: file
normalized: too
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: name
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: pages
normalized: errors
normalized: engs
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: errors
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: saw
normalized: earlier
normalized: another
normalized: alternative
normalized: could
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: output
normalized: entirely
normalized: sending
normalized: place
normalized: where
normalized: all
normalized: characters
normalized: and
normalized: never
normalized: return
normalized: engs
normalized: find
normalized: name
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: pages
normalized: dev
normalized: null
normalized: engs
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: dev
normalized: null
normalized: special
normalized: kind
normalized: file
normalized: not
normalized: file
normalized: all
normalized: actually
normalized: device
normalized: that
normalized: simply
normalized: discards
normalized: anything
normalized: written
normalized: you
normalized: read
normalized: from
normalized: appears
normalized: empty
normalized: file
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: number
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: interpreted
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: spaces
normalized: tabs
normalized: wildcard
normalized: globbing
normalized: characters
normalized: for
normalized: filename
normalized: expansion
normalized: redirection
normalized: symbols
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: have
normalized: special
normalized: meaning
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: used
normalized: regular
normalized: characters
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: interprets
normalized: them
normalized: special
normalized: manner
normalized: these
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: include
normalized: amp
normalized: have
normalized: already
normalized: used
normalized: several
normalized: these
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: don
normalized: try
normalized: memorize
normalized: them
normalized: this
normalized: stage
normalized: through
normalized: use
normalized: they
normalized: will
normalized: become
normalized: second
normalized: nature
normalized: will
normalized: just
normalized: give
normalized: some
normalized: examples
normalized: the
normalized: ones
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: discussed
normalized: far
normalized: quoting
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: use
normalized: one
normalized: these
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: regular
normalized: character
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: not
normalized: interpret
normalized: escaping
normalized: quoting
normalized: escape
normalized: single
normalized: special
normalized: character
normalized: precede
normalized: with
normalized: backslash
normalized: earlier
normalized: saw
normalized: how
normalized: escape
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: with
normalized: escape
normalized: multiple
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: quote
normalized: each
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: quote
normalized: using
normalized: single
normalized: quotation
normalized: marks
normalized: such
normalized: double
normalized: quotation
normalized: marks
normalized: such
normalized: but
normalized: these
normalized: have
normalized: subtlety
normalized: different
normalized: behavior
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: form
normalized: when
normalized: quoting
normalized: filename
normalized: with
normalized: embedded
normalized: spaces
normalized: homework
normalized: assignment
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: often
normalized: need
normalized: pass
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: part
normalized: arguments
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: argument
normalized: that
normalized: represents
normalized: pattern
normalized: interpreted
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: happens
normalized: often
normalized: with
normalized: find
normalized: and
normalized: grep
normalized: there
normalized: situation
normalized: where
normalized: single
normalized: quotes
normalized: work
normalized: differently
normalized: than
normalized: double
normalized: quotes
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: pair
normalized: single
normalized: quotes
normalized: around
normalized: shell
normalized: variable
normalized: substitution
normalized: like
normalized: user
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: value
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: substituted
normalized: whereas
normalized: would
normalized: substituted
normalized: within
normalized: double
normalized: quotes
normalized: engs
normalized: echo
normalized: logname
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: home
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: engs
normalized: echo
normalized: logname
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: home
normalized: logname
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: home
normalized: engs
normalized: example
normalized: double
normalized: quotes
normalized: are
normalized: especially
normalized: important
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: variables
normalized: involved
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: user
normalized: input
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: argument
normalized: keyboard
normalized: input
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: file
normalized: name
normalized: output
normalized: command
normalized: such
normalized: variables
normalized: should
normalized: always
normalized: quoted
normalized: when
normalized: substituted
normalized: because
normalized: spaces
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: embedded
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: can
normalized: cause
normalized: confusion
normalized: thus
normalized: directoryname
normalized: homework
normalized: three
normalized: mkdir
normalized: directoryname
normalized: mkdir
normalized: directoryname
normalized: try
normalized: example
normalized: escapes
normalized: and
normalized: quoting
normalized: can
normalized: pass
normalized: special
normalized: characters
normalized: and
normalized: patterns
normalized: passed
normalized: commands
normalized: suppose
normalized: have
normalized: list
normalized: email
normalized: addresses
normalized: one
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: jinnan
normalized: jinnan
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: some
normalized: email
normalized: programs
normalized: websites
normalized: require
normalized: these
normalized: comma
normalized: separated
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: text
normalized: clipboard
normalized: can
normalized: change
normalized: those
normalized: newline
normalized: characters
normalized: commas
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: jinnan
normalized: jinnan
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: unix
normalized: single
normalized: special
normalized: character
normalized: called
normalized: newline
normalized: what
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: common
normalized: syntax
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: newline
normalized: character
normalized: programming
normalized: languages
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: special
normalized: bash
normalized: need
normalized: escape
normalized: with
normalized: thus
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: filters
normalized: stdin
normalized: stdout
normalized: translates
normalized: each
normalized: instance
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: given
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: given
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: argument
normalized: here
normalized: spit
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: translated
normalized: input
normalized: one
normalized: very
normalized: long
normalized: line
normalized: that
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: end
normalized: with
normalized: newline
normalized: can
normalized: then
normalized: copy
normalized: paste
normalized: that
normalized: result
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: pesky
normalized: web
normalized: browser
normalized: outlook
normalized: and
normalized: microsoft
normalized: tools
normalized: want
normalized: semicolons
normalized: not
normalized: commas
normalized: sigh
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: semicolon
normalized: also
normalized: special
normalized: bash
normalized: must
normalized: escape
normalized: too
normalized: macos
normalized: can
normalized: connect
normalized: the
normalized: macos
normalized: clipboard
normalized: this
normalized: tool
normalized: follows
normalized: pbpaste
normalized: pbcopy
normalized: great
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: addresses
normalized: the
normalized: clipboard
normalized: type
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: clipboard
normalized: contains
normalized: semicolon
normalized: separated
normalized: list
normalized: addresses
normalized: example
normalized: even
normalized: more
normalized: powerful
normalized: filtering
normalized: tool
normalized: the
normalized: stream
normalized: editor
normalized: called
normalized: sed
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: transform
normalized: occurrences
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: patterns
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: file
normalized: sed
normalized: pattern
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: engs
normalized: cat
normalized: forward
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: kotz
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: jinnan
normalized: jinnan
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: engs
normalized: remove
normalized: myself
normalized: and
normalized: excess
normalized: white
normalized: space
normalized: engs
normalized: sed
normalized: kotz
normalized: forward
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: jinnan
normalized: jinnan
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: engs
normalized: remove
normalized: myself
normalized: remove
normalized: names
normalized: make
normalized: comma
normalized: sep
normalized: list
normalized: addresses
normalized: engs
normalized: sed
normalized: kotz
normalized: forward
normalized: eric
normalized: chen
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: rui
normalized: liu
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: taylor
normalized: hardin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: elena
normalized: horton
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: jinnan
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: mauricio
normalized: esquivel
normalized: rogel
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: james
normalized: edwards
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: emily
normalized: lin
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: cardwell
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: engs
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: sed
normalized: which
normalized: allows
normalized: one
normalized: list
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: one
normalized: pattern
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: command
normalized: few
normalized: quick
normalized: notes
normalized: about
normalized: sed
normalized: patterns
normalized: deletes
normalized: lines
normalized: matching
normalized: the
normalized: pattern
normalized: prints
normalized: lines
normalized: matching
normalized: the
normalized: pattern
normalized: useful
normalized: with
normalized: substitutes
normalized: text
normalized: for
normalized: matches
normalized: the
normalized: pattern
normalized: patterns
normalized: are
normalized: actually
normalized: regular
normalized: expressions
normalized: use
normalized: some
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: saved
normalized: list
normalized: students
normalized: enrolled
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: demo
normalized: students
normalized: txt
normalized: each
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: first
normalized: last
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: let
normalized: suppose
normalized: you
normalized: all
normalized: decide
normalized: move
normalized: harvard
normalized: engs
normalized: sed
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: harvard
normalized: demo
normalized: students
normalized: txt
normalized: engs
normalized: sed
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: harvard
normalized: demo
normalized: students
normalized: txt
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: form
normalized: removes
normalized: the
normalized: dot
normalized: and
normalized: two
normalized: digit
normalized: class
normalized: number
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: trailing
normalized: semicolon
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: quoted
normalized: those
normalized: patterns
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: escaped
normalized: the
normalized: dot
normalized: from
normalized: sed
normalized: normal
normalized: meaning
normalized: dot
normalized: matches
normalized: any
normalized: character
normalized: sed
normalized: would
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: literal
normalized: dot
normalized: that
normalized: position
normalized: the
normalized: dollar
normalized: constrains
normalized: the
normalized: semicolon
normalized: match
normalized: happen
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: here
normalized: another
normalized: fun
normalized: pipe
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: students
normalized: from
normalized: each
normalized: class
normalized: leveraging
normalized: the
normalized: class
normalized: numbers
normalized: email
normalized: addresses
normalized: engs
normalized: demo
normalized: students
normalized: txt
normalized: sed
normalized: other
normalized: sort
normalized: uniq
normalized: sort
normalized: other
normalized: engs
normalized: see
normalized: man
normalized: sed
normalized: the
normalized: sed
normalized: faq
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: info
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: learn
normalized: bit
normalized: about
normalized: regular
normalized: expressions
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: describe
normalized: patterns
normalized: sed
normalized: commands
normalized: see
normalized: sed
normalized: regexp
normalized: info
normalized: compressing
normalized: and
normalized: archiving
normalized: files
normalized: often
normalized: useful
normalized: bundle
normalized: several
normalized: files
normalized: into
normalized: compressed
normalized: archive
normalized: file
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: encountered
normalized: files
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: such
normalized: files
normalized: zip
normalized: something
normalized: tar
normalized: somethin
normalized: else
normalized: tgz
normalized: each
normalized: packs
normalized: together
normalized: several
normalized: files
normalized: including
normalized: directories
normalized: creation
normalized: dates
normalized: access
normalized: permissions
normalized: well
normalized: file
normalized: contents
normalized: into
normalized: one
normalized: single
normalized: file
normalized: this
normalized: convenient
normalized: way
normalized: transfer
normalized: large
normalized: collections
normalized: files
normalized: unix
normalized: most
normalized: common
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: tar
normalized: utility
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: tape
normalized: archive
normalized: from
normalized: back
normalized: when
normalized: used
normalized: tapes
normalized: create
normalized: archive
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: directories
normalized: listed
normalized: the
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: name
normalized: something
normalized: appropriate
normalized: often
normalized: ask
normalized: tar
normalized: compress
normalized: the
normalized: resulting
normalized: archive
normalized: too
normalized: given
normalized: directory
normalized: stuff
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: create
normalized: compressed
normalized: tar
normalized: archive
normalized: aka
normalized: tarball
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: list
normalized: its
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: refers
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: refers
normalized: compression
normalized: engs
normalized: mkdir
normalized: stuff
normalized: engs
normalized: echo
normalized: stuff
normalized: engs
normalized: tar
normalized: cfz
normalized: stuff
normalized: tgz
normalized: stuff
normalized: engs
normalized: tar
normalized: tfz
normalized: stuff
normalized: tgz
normalized: stuff
normalized: stuff
normalized: engs
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: leaves
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: intact
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: tar
normalized: has
normalized: unconventional
normalized: syntax
normalized: for
normalized: its
normalized: switches
normalized: there
normalized: dash
normalized: before
normalized: them
normalized: unpack
normalized: the
normalized: archive
normalized: engs
normalized: tar
normalized: xfz
normalized: stuff
normalized: tgz
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: create
normalized: for
normalized: type
normalized: list
normalized: for
normalized: extract
normalized: the
normalized: implies
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: tarball
normalized: file
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: indicates
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: tarball
normalized: should
normalized: compressed
normalized: convention
normalized: tarball
normalized: filename
normalized: ends
normalized: tar
normalized: not
normalized: compressed
normalized: tgz
normalized: compressed
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: introduction
normalized: bash
normalized: programming
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: introduction
normalized: bash
normalized: programming
normalized: take
normalized: time
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: reading
normalized: short
normalized: important
normalized: and
normalized: useful
normalized: are
normalized: now
normalized: familiar
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: few
normalized: commands
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: discuss
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: using
normalized: bash
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: goal
normalized: write
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: scripts
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: are
normalized: scripts
normalized: and
normalized: what
normalized: are
normalized: they
normalized: useful
normalized: for
normalized: goals
normalized: learn
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: today
normalized: understanding
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: syntax
normalized: and
normalized: constructs
normalized: writing
normalized: simple
normalized: interactive
normalized: scripts
normalized: writing
normalized: and
normalized: executing
normalized: your
normalized: first
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: understanding
normalized: more
normalized: advanced
normalized: constructs
normalized: through
normalized: examples
normalized: class
normalized: scripts
normalized: recorded
normalized: terminal
normalized: windows
normalized: today
normalized: mac
normalized: and
normalized: flume
normalized: interactive
normalized: mode
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: two
normalized: different
normalized: ways
normalized: interactive
normalized: mode
normalized: which
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: one
normalized: command
normalized: interactively
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: doing
normalized: this
normalized: already
normalized: however
normalized: interactive
normalized: mode
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: series
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: reads
normalized: commands
normalized: series
normalized: commands
normalized: complex
normalized: programs
normalized: from
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: interactive
normalized: mode
normalized: fine
normalized: for
normalized: entering
normalized: handful
normalized: commands
normalized: but
normalized: becomes
normalized: cumbersome
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: keep
normalized: entering
normalized: these
normalized: commands
normalized: interactively
normalized: better
normalized: store
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: script
normalized: for
normalized: short
normalized: and
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: when
normalized: needed
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: preserved
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: users
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: again
normalized: addition
normalized: calling
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: grep
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: invoke
normalized: compiled
normalized: programs
normalized: programs
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: also
normalized: includes
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: commands
normalized: test
normalized: conditions
normalized: then
normalized: task
normalized: repeatedly
normalized: for
normalized: these
normalized: control
normalized: structure
normalized: commands
normalized: found
normalized: many
normalized: other
normalized: languages
normalized: such
normalized: other
normalized: scripting
normalized: languages
normalized: like
normalized: python
normalized: allow
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: quickly
normalized: write
normalized: fairly
normalized: sophisticated
normalized: shell
normalized: programs
normalized: number
normalized: different
normalized: tasks
normalized: like
normalized: python
normalized: and
normalized: unlike
normalized: java
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: compiled
normalized: rather
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: interpreted
normalized: and
normalized: executed
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: itself
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: many
normalized: reasons
normalized: building
normalized: and
normalized: configuring
normalized: systems
normalized: environments
normalized: prototyping
normalized: code
normalized: array
normalized: repetitive
normalized: tasks
normalized: that
normalized: programmers
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: mainly
normalized: built
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: utilities
normalized: reuse
normalized: these
normalized: existing
normalized: programs
normalized: enables
normalized: programmers
normalized: simply
normalized: build
normalized: new
normalized: programs
normalized: tackle
normalized: fairly
normalized: complex
normalized: jobs
normalized: separating
normalized: groups
normalized: commands
normalized: using
normalized: let
normalized: start
normalized: build
normalized: our
normalized: knowledge
normalized: how
normalized: scripts
normalized: work
normalized: first
normalized: looking
normalized: some
normalized: basic
normalized: operations
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: shell
normalized: allows
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: unconditional
normalized: execution
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: allows
normalized: for
normalized: related
normalized: commands
normalized: kept
normalized: adjacent
normalized: command
normalized: sequence
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: semicolon
normalized: character
normalized: shown
normalized: below
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: directory
normalized: listing
normalized: date
normalized: directory
normalized: listing
normalized: fri
normalized: apr
normalized: edt
normalized: archive
normalized: primes
normalized: private
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: resources
normalized: students
normalized: web
normalized: ziplab
normalized: flume
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: who
normalized: cares
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: interactively
normalized: often
normalized: clear
normalized: when
normalized: have
normalized: made
normalized: mistake
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: warns
normalized: about
normalized: incorrect
normalized: syntax
normalized: and
normalized: complains
normalized: about
normalized: invalid
normalized: switches
normalized: missing
normalized: files
normalized: these
normalized: warnings
normalized: and
normalized: complaints
normalized: can
normalized: come
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: parser
normalized: and
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: being
normalized: run
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: from
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: provide
normalized: visual
normalized: clues
normalized: that
normalized: something
normalized: wrong
normalized: allowing
normalized: adjust
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: get
normalized: right
normalized: commands
normalized: also
normalized: inform
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: explicitly
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: has
normalized: terminated
normalized: successfully
normalized: unsuccessfully
normalized: due
normalized: some
normalized: error
normalized: commands
normalized: this
normalized: returning
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: which
normalized: represented
normalized: integer
normalized: value
normalized: made
normalized: available
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: commands
normalized: programs
normalized: and
normalized: scripts
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: understands
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: indicate
normalized: successful
normalized: execution
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: value
normalized: always
normalized: positive
normalized: indicate
normalized: failure
normalized: some
normalized: sort
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: environment
normalized: value
normalized: updated
normalized: each
normalized: time
normalized: command
normalized: exits
normalized: what
normalized: mean
normalized: that
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: april
normalized: fool
normalized: april
normalized: fool
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: flume
normalized: april
normalized: fool
normalized: cannot
normalized: access
normalized: april
normalized: such
normalized: file
normalized: directory
normalized: cannot
normalized: access
normalized: fool
normalized: such
normalized: file
normalized: directory
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: flume
normalized: conditional
normalized: sequences
normalized: basic
normalized: constructs
normalized: why
normalized: need
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: often
normalized: want
normalized: execute
normalized: command
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: success
normalized: failure
normalized: earlier
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: may
normalized: only
normalized: wish
normalized: remove
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: directory
normalized: perhaps
normalized: want
normalized: careful
normalized: only
normalized: append
normalized: info
normalized: file
normalized: know
normalized: already
normalized: exists
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: provides
normalized: both
normalized: conjunction
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: disjunction
normalized: based
normalized: previous
normalized: commands
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: useful
normalized: constructs
normalized: for
normalized: writing
normalized: decision
normalized: making
normalized: scripts
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: below
normalized: which
normalized: make
normalized: three
normalized: directories
normalized: then
normalized: try
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: flume
normalized: mkdir
normalized: labs
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: mkdir
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: labs
normalized: labs
normalized: flume
normalized: rmdir
normalized: labs
normalized: echo
normalized: whoops
normalized: rmdir
normalized: failed
normalized: remove
normalized: labs
normalized: directory
normalized: not
normalized: empty
normalized: whoops
normalized: flume
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: example
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: without
normalized: any
normalized: spaces
normalized: specifies
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: command
normalized: should
normalized: only
normalized: executed
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: command
normalized: succeeds
normalized: with
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: only
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: subdirectories
normalized: can
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: example
normalized: without
normalized: any
normalized: spaces
normalized: requests
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: command
normalized: only
normalized: executed
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: command
normalized: failed
normalized: with
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: conditional
normalized: execution
normalized: using
normalized: then
normalized: else
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: situations
normalized: when
normalized: need
normalized: execute
normalized: commands
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: outcome
normalized: earlier
normalized: command
normalized: command
normalized: then
normalized: command
normalized: command
normalized: here
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: commands
normalized: that
normalized: might
normalized: input
normalized: will
normalized: executed
normalized: and
normalized: only
normalized: command
normalized: returns
normalized: successful
normalized: true
normalized: value
normalized: its
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: fact
normalized: that
normalized: means
normalized: true
normalized: confusing
normalized: for
normalized: many
normalized: people
normalized: many
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: languages
normalized: like
normalized: zero
normalized: means
normalized: false
normalized: and
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: means
normalized: true
normalized: technology
normalized: isn
normalized: always
normalized: consistent
normalized: the
normalized: reason
normalized: unix
normalized: uses
normalized: for
normalized: success
normalized: that
normalized: there
normalized: only
normalized: one
normalized: but
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: numbers
normalized: thus
normalized: implies
normalized: all
normalized: well
normalized: whereas
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: implies
normalized: something
normalized: went
normalized: wrong
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: specific
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: value
normalized: can
normalized: convey
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: what
normalized: went
normalized: wrong
normalized: similarly
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: commands
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: conditional
normalized: fails
normalized: command
normalized: then
normalized: command
normalized: command
normalized: else
normalized: command
normalized: command
normalized: here
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: command
normalized: will
normalized: executed
normalized: and
normalized: only
normalized: command
normalized: fails
normalized: first
normalized: interactive
normalized: shell
normalized: program
normalized: entering
normalized: interactive
normalized: scripts
normalized: that
normalized: tiny
normalized: sequence
normalized: commands
normalized: typed
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: interactive
normalized: shell
normalized: easy
normalized: way
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: sense
normalized: new
normalized: scripting
normalized: language
normalized: try
normalized: out
normalized: set
normalized: commands
normalized: during
normalized: interactive
normalized: session
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: simply
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: one
normalized: command
normalized: interactive
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: executes
normalized: flume
normalized: students
normalized: students
normalized: bak
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: copy
normalized: succeeded
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: copy
normalized: failed
normalized: copy
normalized: succeeded
normalized: flume
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: the
normalized: secondary
normalized: prompt
normalized: issued
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: indicating
normalized: that
normalized: more
normalized: input
normalized: expected
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: decide
normalized: whether
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: then
normalized: clause
normalized: the
normalized: else
normalized: clause
normalized: just
normalized: for
normalized: yucks
normalized: had
normalized: echo
normalized: show
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: confirms
normalized: that
normalized: status
normalized: means
normalized: true
normalized: and
normalized: triggered
normalized: the
normalized: then
normalized: clause
normalized: can
normalized: invert
normalized: the
normalized: conditional
normalized: test
normalized: preceding
normalized: with
normalized: many
normalized: programming
normalized: languages
normalized: flume
normalized: students
normalized: students
normalized: bak
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: copy
normalized: failed
normalized: flume
normalized: astute
normalized: readers
normalized: might
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: quote
normalized: escape
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: echo
normalized: commands
normalized: noticed
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: not
normalized: special
normalized: comes
normalized: last
normalized: which
normalized: handy
normalized: for
normalized: writing
normalized: interjections
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: can
normalized: actually
normalized: sequence
normalized: pipeline
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: command
normalized: used
normalized: determine
normalized: the
normalized: conditional
normalized: outcome
normalized: flume
normalized: mkdir
normalized: backup
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: students
normalized: backup
normalized: students
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: backup
normalized: success
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: backup
normalized: failed
normalized: backup
normalized: success
normalized: flume
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: then
normalized: was
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: line
normalized: instead
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: that
normalized: stylistic
normalized: choice
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: you
normalized: simply
normalized: need
normalized: put
normalized: semicolon
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: condition
normalized: and
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: then
normalized: seen
normalized: the
normalized: earlier
normalized: examples
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: aka
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: providing
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: external
normalized: command
normalized: can
normalized: test
normalized: for
normalized: several
normalized: conditions
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: built
normalized: test
normalized: interchangeably
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: use
normalized: both
normalized: below
normalized: but
normalized: recommend
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: command
normalized: because
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: commonly
normalized: used
normalized: suppose
normalized: want
normalized: backup
normalized: students
normalized: only
normalized: exists
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: tests
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: filename
normalized: names
normalized: existing
normalized: file
normalized: flume
normalized: test
normalized: students
normalized: then
normalized: mkdir
normalized: backup
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: students
normalized: backup
normalized: students
normalized: echo
normalized: backup
normalized: failed
normalized: flume
normalized: rewritten
normalized: with
normalized: flume
normalized: students
normalized: then
normalized: mkdir
normalized: backup
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: students
normalized: backup
normalized: students
normalized: echo
normalized: backup
normalized: failed
normalized: flume
normalized: more
normalized: commonly
normalized: the
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: line
normalized: using
normalized: semicolon
normalized: flume
normalized: students
normalized: then
normalized: mkdir
normalized: backup
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: students
normalized: backup
normalized: students
normalized: echo
normalized: backup
normalized: failed
normalized: flume
normalized: note
normalized: important
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: leave
normalized: spaces
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: brackets
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: get
normalized: syntax
normalized: errors
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: other
normalized: options
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: option
normalized: meaning
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: exist
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: exist
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: exist
normalized: and
normalized: ordinary
normalized: file
normalized: not
normalized: directory
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: exist
normalized: and
normalized: readable
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: exist
normalized: and
normalized: have
normalized: size
normalized: greater
normalized: than
normalized: bytes
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: exist
normalized: and
normalized: writeable
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: exist
normalized: and
normalized: executable
normalized: learn
normalized: even
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: command
normalized: man
normalized: test
normalized: loops
normalized: for
normalized: lists
normalized: many
normalized: commands
normalized: accept
normalized: list
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: perform
normalized: actions
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: turn
normalized: however
normalized: what
normalized: need
normalized: perform
normalized: sequence
normalized: commands
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: files
normalized: some
normalized: commands
normalized: can
normalized: only
normalized: handle
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: argument
normalized: per
normalized: invocation
normalized: need
normalized: invoke
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: supports
normalized: simple
normalized: iteration
normalized: over
normalized: lists
normalized: values
normalized: typically
normalized: over
normalized: lists
normalized: filenames
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: example
normalized: make
normalized: back
normalized: copy
normalized: each
normalized: our
normalized: files
normalized: appending
normalized: the
normalized: bak
normalized: extension
normalized: again
normalized: this
normalized: extension
normalized: just
normalized: naming
normalized: convention
normalized: unix
normalized: doesn
normalized: care
normalized: nor
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: date
normalized: makefile
normalized: output
normalized: data
normalized: queue
normalized: readme
normalized: sort
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: echo
normalized: back
normalized: bak
normalized: done
normalized: back
normalized: hash
normalized: back
normalized: queue
normalized: back
normalized: sort
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: date
normalized: output
normalized: data
normalized: queue
normalized: bak
normalized: sort
normalized: hash
normalized: bak
normalized: makefile
normalized: queue
normalized: readme
normalized: sort
normalized: bak
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: instantiated
normalized: one
normalized: time
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: each
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: provided
normalized: after
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: value
normalized: substituted
normalized: wherever
normalized: occurs
normalized: should
normalized: more
normalized: defensive
normalized: though
normalized: case
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: filenames
normalized: has
normalized: space
normalized: inside
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: echo
normalized: back
normalized: bak
normalized: done
normalized: back
normalized: hash
normalized: back
normalized: queue
normalized: back
normalized: sort
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: expected
normalized: may
normalized: place
normalized: many
normalized: commands
normalized: want
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: body
normalized: loop
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: any
normalized: combination
normalized: other
normalized: else
normalized: tests
normalized: and
normalized: nested
normalized: loops
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: traditional
normalized: languages
normalized: such
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: limited
normalized: use
normalized: names
normalized: files
normalized: generated
normalized: filename
normalized: expansion
normalized: our
normalized: list
normalized: flume
normalized: for
normalized: house
normalized: allen
normalized: east
normalized: wheelock
normalized: north
normalized: park
normalized: school
normalized: south
normalized: west
normalized: llc
normalized: echo
normalized: house
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: done
normalized: allen
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: east
normalized: wheelock
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: north
normalized: park
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: school
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: south
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: west
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: llc
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: house
normalized: flume
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: file
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: flume
normalized: cat
normalized: lflist
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: flume
normalized: for
normalized: lflist
normalized: echo
normalized: hello
normalized: done
normalized: hello
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: hello
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: hello
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: hello
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: hello
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: hello
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: flume
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: special
normalized: shell
normalized: syntax
normalized: filename
normalized: which
normalized: means
normalized: substitute
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: filename
normalized: any
normalized: spaces
normalized: newlines
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: will
normalized: cause
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: delineate
normalized: words
normalized: that
normalized: become
normalized: arguments
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: also
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: how
normalized: one
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: semicolons
normalized: write
normalized: simple
normalized: loop
normalized: all
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: fact
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: multi
normalized: line
normalized: for
normalized: statement
normalized: then
normalized: execute
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: use
normalized: arrow
normalized: ctrl
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: retrieve
normalized: your
normalized: earlier
normalized: command
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: that
normalized: formats
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: can
normalized: even
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: command
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: flume
normalized: for
normalized: sed
normalized: lflist
normalized: sort
normalized: echo
normalized: hello
normalized: done
normalized: hello
normalized: john
normalized: hello
normalized: kaya
normalized: hello
normalized: thomas
normalized: hello
normalized: joel
normalized: hello
normalized: kyle
normalized: hello
normalized: trevor
normalized: flume
normalized: indeed
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: used
normalized: pipeline
normalized: two
normalized: commands
normalized: produce
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: arguments
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: see
normalized: old
normalized: scripts
normalized: old
normalized: people
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: old
normalized: fashioned
normalized: syntax
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: surrounded
normalized: back
normalized: quotes
normalized: command
normalized: instead
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: latter
normalized: arguably
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: nestable
normalized: first
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: until
normalized: now
normalized: have
normalized: entered
normalized: scripts
normalized: interactively
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: pain
normalized: have
normalized: keep
normalized: entering
normalized: scripts
normalized: interactively
normalized: better
normalized: store
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: commands
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: when
normalized: need
normalized: how
normalized: that
normalized: simple
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: ask
normalized: bash
normalized: read
normalized: commands
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: instead
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: can
normalized: put
normalized: our
normalized: simple
normalized: backup
normalized: script
normalized: into
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: backup
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: cat
normalized: backup
normalized: for
normalized: echo
normalized: back
normalized: bak
normalized: done
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: bash
normalized: backup
normalized: back
normalized: hash
normalized: back
normalized: queue
normalized: back
normalized: sort
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: here
normalized: typed
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: complex
normalized: scripts
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: course
normalized: want
normalized: use
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: indeed
normalized: can
normalized: further
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: command
normalized: executable
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: prompt
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: add
normalized: special
normalized: string
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: make
normalized: executable
normalized: with
normalized: chmod
normalized: and
normalized: either
normalized: add
normalized: directory
normalized: our
normalized: path
normalized: type
normalized: its
normalized: pathname
normalized: the
normalized: commandline
normalized: for
normalized: backup
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: emacs
normalized: backup
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: cat
normalized: backup
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: for
normalized: echo
normalized: back
normalized: bak
normalized: done
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: chmod
normalized: backup
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: backup
normalized: rwxr
normalized: apr
normalized: backup
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: backup
normalized: back
normalized: hash
normalized: back
normalized: queue
normalized: back
normalized: sort
normalized: flume
normalized: example
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: couple
normalized: things
normalized: note
normalized: about
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: first
normalized: there
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: line
normalized: what
normalized: does
normalized: this
normalized: mean
normalized: typically
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: column
normalized: file
normalized: denotes
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: comment
normalized: until
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: indeed
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: this
normalized: line
normalized: treated
normalized: comment
normalized: bash
normalized: unix
normalized: however
normalized: reads
normalized: that
normalized: line
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: uses
normalized: determine
normalized: which
normalized: command
normalized: should
normalized: fed
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: thus
normalized: effect
normalized: unix
normalized: will
normalized: execute
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: backup
normalized: then
normalized: bash
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: interprets
normalized: its
normalized: commands
normalized: the
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: must
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: exactly
normalized: like
normalized: that
normalized: spaces
normalized: second
normalized: there
normalized: chmod
normalized: which
normalized: sets
normalized: the
normalized: execute
normalized: permission
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: permissions
normalized: displayed
normalized: unix
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: execute
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: execute
normalized: permission
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: won
normalized: even
normalized: try
normalized: third
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: backup
normalized: when
normalized: treating
normalized: our
normalized: script
normalized: command
normalized: because
normalized: not
normalized: our
normalized: path
normalized: were
normalized: our
normalized: path
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: typed
normalized: just
normalized: backup
normalized: very
normalized: tempting
normalized: have
normalized: your
normalized: path
normalized: but
normalized: big
normalized: security
normalized: risk
normalized: you
normalized: directory
normalized: with
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: say
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: notice
normalized: bad
normalized: things
normalized: might
normalized: happen
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: your
normalized: path
normalized: before
normalized: bin
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: command
normalized: instead
normalized: the
normalized: official
normalized: bin
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: may
normalized: malicious
normalized: and
normalized: something
normalized: bad
normalized: fourth
normalized: this
normalized: script
normalized: has
normalized: comments
normalized: really
normalized: should
normalized: improve
normalized: see
normalized: backup
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: backup
normalized: make
normalized: backup
normalized: copy
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: usage
normalized: backup
normalized: arguments
normalized: input
normalized: none
normalized: output
normalized: line
normalized: confirmation
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: backed
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: for
normalized: echo
normalized: back
normalized: bak
normalized: done
normalized: exit
normalized: good
normalized: practice
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: how
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: should
normalized: used
normalized: and
normalized: description
normalized: what
normalized: does
normalized: anything
normalized: with
normalized: stdin
normalized: and
normalized: stdout
normalized: and
normalized: list
normalized: the
normalized: author
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: date
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: returns
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: viewed
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: echo
normalized: command
normalized: discussed
normalized: earlier
normalized: the
normalized: return
normalized: status
normalized: typically
normalized: not
normalized: checked
normalized: when
normalized: scripts
normalized: are
normalized: run
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: however
normalized: when
normalized: script
normalized: called
normalized: another
normalized: script
normalized: the
normalized: return
normalized: status
normalized: typically
normalized: checked
normalized: important
normalized: return
normalized: meaningful
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: could
normalized: continue
normalized: improve
normalized: this
normalized: script
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: catch
normalized: errors
normalized: from
normalized: and
normalized: something
normalized: intelligent
normalized: but
normalized: let
normalized: move
normalized: another
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: all
normalized: that
normalized: trouble
normalized: save
normalized: backup
normalized: copy
normalized: our
normalized: files
normalized: might
normalized: nice
normalized: see
normalized: later
normalized: what
normalized: changed
normalized: since
normalized: last
normalized: made
normalized: backup
normalized: let
normalized: write
normalized: little
normalized: script
normalized: compare
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: versions
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: backup
normalized: copies
normalized: see
normalized: backup
normalized: diff
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: backup
normalized: diff
normalized: compare
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: with
normalized: backup
normalized: usage
normalized: backup
normalized: diff
normalized: arguments
normalized: input
normalized: none
normalized: output
normalized: line
normalized: information
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: diffs
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: differ
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: zero
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: march
normalized: for
normalized: bak
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: backup
normalized: else
normalized: cmp
normalized: quiet
normalized: bak
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: unchanged
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: differences
normalized: diff
normalized: bak
normalized: echo
normalized: done
normalized: exit
normalized: classroom
normalized: activity
normalized: modify
normalized: this
normalized: script
normalized: exit
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: when
normalized: missing
normalized: backups
normalized: differences
normalized: are
normalized: found
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: arrays
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: typically
normalized: not
normalized: declared
normalized: before
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: scripts
normalized: flume
normalized: flume
normalized: message
normalized: good
normalized: morning
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: message
normalized: good
normalized: morning
normalized: flume
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: message
normalized: good
normalized: morning
normalized: above
normalized: create
normalized: two
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: message
normalized: the
normalized: later
normalized: commands
normalized: show
normalized: the
normalized: varname
normalized: syntax
normalized: for
normalized: variable
normalized: substitution
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: general
normalized: form
normalized: whereas
normalized: varname
normalized: shorthand
normalized: that
normalized: works
normalized: for
normalized: simple
normalized: cases
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: message
normalized: identical
normalized: message
normalized: repetition
normalized: the
normalized: while
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: for
normalized: loop
normalized: construct
normalized: good
normalized: for
normalized: looping
normalized: through
normalized: series
normalized: strings
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: that
normalized: useful
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: needs
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: while
normalized: command
normalized: perfect
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: guessprime
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: while
normalized: construct
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: allows
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: file
normalized: guessprime
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: tries
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: this
normalized: not
normalized: good
normalized: program
normalized: there
normalized: check
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: enters
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: prime
normalized: might
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: heck
normalized: might
normalized: not
normalized: even
normalized: number
normalized: and
normalized: might
normalized: empty
normalized: some
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: would
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: and
normalized: enters
normalized: output
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: guess
normalized: program
normalized: defines
normalized: variable
normalized: called
normalized: prime
normalized: and
normalized: set
normalized: value
normalized: prime
normalized: echo
normalized: enter
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: read
normalized: guess
normalized: while
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: echo
normalized: wrong
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: echo
normalized: enter
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: read
normalized: guess
normalized: done
normalized: exit
normalized: this
normalized: script
normalized: uses
normalized: user
normalized: defined
normalized: variables
normalized: prime
normalized: and
normalized: guess
normalized: introduces
normalized: the
normalized: read
normalized: command
normalized: which
normalized: pauses
normalized: and
normalized: waits
normalized: for
normalized: user
normalized: input
normalized: placing
normalized: that
normalized: user
normalized: input
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: named
normalized: variable
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: echo
normalized: removes
normalized: the
normalized: newline
normalized: usually
normalized: produced
normalized: echo
normalized: finally
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: semicolon
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: while
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: then
normalized: branch
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: put
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: line
normalized: prefer
normalized: that
normalized: style
normalized: flume
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: examples
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: wrong
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: wrong
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: wrong
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: flume
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: examples
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: variables
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: maintains
normalized: number
normalized: important
normalized: variables
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: useful
normalized: writing
normalized: scripts
normalized: have
normalized: come
normalized: across
normalized: some
normalized: them
normalized: already
normalized: variable
normalized: description
normalized: user
normalized: username
normalized: current
normalized: user
normalized: home
normalized: pathname
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: current
normalized: user
normalized: path
normalized: list
normalized: directories
normalized: search
normalized: for
normalized: commands
normalized: number
normalized: parameters
normalized: passed
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: arguments
normalized: given
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: parameters
normalized: single
normalized: variable
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: parameters
normalized: single
normalized: variable
normalized: always
normalized: delimited
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: when
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: tells
normalized: you
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: arguments
normalized: were
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: there
normalized: were
normalized: three
normalized: arguments
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: they
normalized: would
normalized: available
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: myscript
normalized: then
normalized: myscript
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: both
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: but
normalized: with
normalized: subtle
normalized: differences
normalized: try
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: script
normalized: args
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: echo
normalized: arguments
normalized: loop
normalized: through
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: arguments
normalized: four
normalized: different
normalized: waysf
normalized: echo
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: echo
normalized: arg
normalized: done
normalized: echo
normalized: echo
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: echo
normalized: arg
normalized: done
normalized: echo
normalized: echo
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: echo
normalized: arg
normalized: done
normalized: echo
normalized: echo
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: echo
normalized: arg
normalized: done
normalized: exit
normalized: let
normalized: try
normalized: command
normalized: with
normalized: four
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: fourth
normalized: argument
normalized: has
normalized: embedded
normalized: space
normalized: flume
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: examples
normalized: args
normalized: one
normalized: two
normalized: three
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: arguments
normalized: args
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: one
normalized: two
normalized: three
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: one
normalized: two
normalized: three
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: one
normalized: two
normalized: three
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: one
normalized: two
normalized: three
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: flume
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: examples
normalized: study
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: each
normalized: case
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: use
normalized: process
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: nearly
normalized: always
normalized: because
normalized: retains
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: those
normalized: arguments
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: equivalent
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: choice
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: name
normalized: arg
normalized: immaterial
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: printing
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: need
normalized: inform
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: error
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: argument
normalized: supposed
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: found
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: echo
normalized: amp
normalized: error
normalized: should
normalized: directory
normalized: here
normalized: see
normalized: how
normalized: push
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: echo
normalized: normally
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: stderr
normalized: instead
normalized: redirecting
normalized: the
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: stderr
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: confusing
normalized: but
normalized: useful
normalized: redirect
normalized: amp
normalized: which
normalized: means
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: stdout
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: place
normalized: the
normalized: stderr
normalized: checking
normalized: arguments
normalized: when
normalized: writing
normalized: scripts
normalized: important
normalized: write
normalized: defensive
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: checks
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: correct
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: verifies
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: has
normalized: exactly
normalized: three
normalized: arguments
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: not
normalized: equal
normalized: operator
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: amp
normalized: usage
normalized: incorrect
normalized: argument
normalized: input
normalized: exit
normalized: notice
normalized: also
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: then
normalized: exits
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: finally
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: reading
normalized: assignments
normalized: comments
normalized: should
normalized: clarify
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: not
normalized: obscure
normalized: they
normalized: should
normalized: enlighten
normalized: not
normalized: impress
normalized: you
normalized: used
normalized: special
normalized: algorithm
normalized: text
normalized: mention
normalized: and
normalized: give
normalized: reference
normalized: don
normalized: just
normalized: add
normalized: noise
normalized: chitchat
normalized: say
normalized: comments
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: cannot
normalized: don
normalized: forget
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: good
normalized: bash
normalized: references
normalized: the
normalized: resources
normalized: page
normalized: other
normalized: stuff
normalized: there
normalized: never
normalized: enough
normalized: time
normalized: show
normalized: you
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: good
normalized: stuff
normalized: class
normalized: simple
normalized: debugging
normalized: tips
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: script
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: printf
normalized: echo
normalized: print
normalized: debugging
normalized: information
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: found
normalized: helpful
normalized: define
normalized: function
normalized: debugprint
normalized: can
normalized: turn
normalized: and
normalized: off
normalized: all
normalized: debug
normalized: statements
normalized: one
normalized: place
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: arguments
normalized: for
normalized: debugging
normalized: comment
normalized: out
normalized: echo
normalized: line
normalized: turn
normalized: off
normalized: function
normalized: debugprint
normalized: echo
normalized: return
normalized: debugprint
normalized: starting
normalized: process
normalized: arguments
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: debugprint
normalized: processing
normalized: arg
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: syntax
normalized: error
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: flume
normalized: ziplab
normalized: making
normalized: tarball
normalized: called
normalized: lab
normalized: tgz
normalized: ziplab
normalized: line
normalized: syntax
normalized: error
normalized: near
normalized: unexpected
normalized: token
normalized: else
normalized: ziplab
normalized: line
normalized: else
normalized: flume
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: around
normalized: line
normalized: emacs
normalized: edit
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: count
normalized: again
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: line
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: sequence
normalized: key
normalized: strokes
normalized: esc
normalized: that
normalized: hit
normalized: the
normalized: esc
normalized: key
normalized: and
normalized: hit
normalized: you
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: install
normalized: the
normalized: customized
normalized: emacs
normalized: file
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: emacs
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: need
normalized: hit
normalized: twice
normalized: then
normalized: enter
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: number
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: brought
normalized: that
normalized: line
normalized: now
normalized: fix
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: particular
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: actual
normalized: error
normalized: was
normalized: line
normalized: not
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: statement
normalized: began
normalized: but
normalized: forgot
normalized: the
normalized: semicolon
normalized: before
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: finally
normalized: realized
normalized: problem
normalized: when
normalized: reached
normalized: the
normalized: else
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: need
normalized: work
normalized: backwards
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: looking
normalized: carefully
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: problem
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: you
normalized: launch
normalized: emacs
normalized: edit
normalized: file
normalized: saves
normalized: backup
normalized: copy
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: edit
normalized: foo
normalized: and
normalized: save
normalized: emacs
normalized: saves
normalized: the
normalized: pre
normalized: editing
normalized: version
normalized: foo
normalized: you
normalized: later
normalized: wondering
normalized: what
normalized: changed
normalized: flume
normalized: diff
normalized: foo
normalized: foo
normalized: will
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: differences
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: files
normalized: arrays
normalized: like
normalized: variables
normalized: arrays
normalized: are
normalized: typically
normalized: not
normalized: declared
normalized: before
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: scripts
normalized: flume
normalized: colors
normalized: red
normalized: orange
normalized: yellow
normalized: green
normalized: blue
normalized: indigo
normalized: violet
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: colors
normalized: red
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: colors
normalized: orange
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: colors
normalized: violet
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: colors
normalized: flume
normalized: above
normalized: create
normalized: one
normalized: array
normalized: colors
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: colors
normalized: implicitly
normalized: substitutes
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: element
normalized: with
normalized: index
normalized: computer
normalized: scientists
normalized: like
normalized: counting
normalized: from
normalized: zero
normalized: the
normalized: later
normalized: commands
normalized: show
normalized: the
normalized: varname
normalized: syntax
normalized: for
normalized: variable
normalized: substitution
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: general
normalized: form
normalized: whereas
normalized: varname
normalized: shorthand
normalized: that
normalized: works
normalized: for
normalized: simple
normalized: cases
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: message
normalized: identical
normalized: message
normalized: and
normalized: colors
normalized: equivalent
normalized: colors
normalized: when
normalized: desiring
normalized: subscript
normalized: array
normalized: variable
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: syntax
normalized: colors
normalized: finally
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: colors
normalized: empty
normalized: because
normalized: was
normalized: not
normalized: defined
normalized: even
normalized: cooler
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: combination
normalized: with
normalized: file
normalized: subsitution
normalized: filename
normalized: and
normalized: command
normalized: substitution
normalized: command
normalized: flume
normalized: cat
normalized: lflist
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: flume
normalized: lfs
normalized: lflist
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: lfs
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: flume
normalized: flume
normalized: juniors
normalized: grep
normalized: lflist
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: juniors
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: flume
normalized: echo
normalized: lfs
normalized: john
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: joel
normalized: katticaran
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kaya
normalized: thomas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trevor
normalized: davis
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: thomas
normalized: kim
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kyle
normalized: dotterrer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: flume
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: line
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: substitute
normalized: all
normalized: values
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: let
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: the
normalized: let
normalized: command
normalized: carries
normalized: out
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: operations
normalized: variables
normalized: let
normalized: let
normalized: let
normalized: bash
normalized: let
normalized: syntax
normalized: error
normalized: operand
normalized: expected
normalized: error
normalized: token
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: let
normalized: command
normalized: sensitive
normalized: spaces
normalized: let
normalized: echo
normalized: echo
normalized: echo
normalized: let
normalized: equivalent
normalized: let
normalized: echo
normalized: temporary
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: script
normalized: needs
normalized: create
normalized: some
normalized: temporary
normalized: files
normalized: its
normalized: work
normalized: good
normalized: practice
normalized: create
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: place
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: filename
normalized: that
normalized: unlikely
normalized: used
normalized: another
normalized: script
normalized: even
normalized: another
normalized: concurrently
normalized: running
normalized: copy
normalized: your
normalized: script
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: tmp
normalized: writable
normalized: everyone
normalized: not
normalized: great
normalized: place
normalized: put
normalized: important
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: conventional
normalized: place
normalized: put
normalized: temporary
normalized: files
normalized: avoid
normalized: picking
normalized: name
normalized: that
normalized: others
normalized: might
normalized: pick
normalized: scripts
normalized: include
normalized: their
normalized: process
normalized: identifier
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: script
normalized: print
normalized: might
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: build
normalized: output
normalized: file
normalized: then
normalized: print
normalized: name
normalized: temporary
normalized: file
normalized: includes
normalized: our
normalized: process
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: tmp
normalized: print
normalized: echo
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: print
normalized: nice
normalized: header
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: echo
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: echo
normalized: arg
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: cat
normalized: arg
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: echo
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: done
normalized: lpr
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: clean
normalized: after
normalized: ourself
normalized: exit
normalized: use
normalized: variable
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: for
normalized: clarity
normalized: and
normalized: consistency
normalized: throughout
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: catching
normalized: interrupts
normalized: cleaning
normalized: many
normalized: scripts
normalized: create
normalized: intermediate
normalized: temporary
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: might
normalized: leave
normalized: mess
normalized: interrupted
normalized: part
normalized: way
normalized: through
normalized: their
normalized: operation
normalized: the
normalized: trap
normalized: command
normalized: can
normalized: catch
normalized: such
normalized: interrupts
normalized: such
normalized: those
normalized: caused
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: typing
normalized: ctrl
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: works
normalized: good
normalized: form
normalized: catch
normalized: this
normalized: interrupt
normalized: and
normalized: clean
normalized: before
normalized: exiting
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: would
normalized: extend
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: follows
normalized: name
normalized: temporary
normalized: file
normalized: includes
normalized: our
normalized: process
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: tmp
normalized: print
normalized: trap
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: exit
normalized: this
normalized: trap
normalized: command
normalized: gives
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: command
normalized: run
normalized: whenever
normalized: the
normalized: script
normalized: exits
normalized: for
normalized: any
normalized: reason
normalized: whether
normalized: due
normalized: exit
normalized: command
normalized: due
normalized: interrupt
normalized: that
normalized: kills
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: very
normalized: handy
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: define
normalized: the
normalized: trap
normalized: immediately
normalized: after
normalized: defining
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: name
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: effect
normalized: whenever
normalized: the
normalized: temporary
normalized: file
normalized: later
normalized: created
normalized: the
normalized: flag
normalized: force
normalized: causes
normalized: override
normalized: some
normalized: kinds
normalized: errors
normalized: notably
normalized: not
normalized: complain
normalized: the
normalized: tmpfile
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: exist
normalized: sometimes
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: whole
normalized: directory
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: temporary
normalized: use
normalized: tmpdir
normalized: tmp
normalized: print
normalized: trap
normalized: tmpdir
normalized: exit
normalized: mkdir
normalized: tmpdir
normalized: tmpdir
normalized: here
normalized: used
normalized: mkdir
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: recursively
normalized: remove
normalized: functions
normalized: like
normalized: most
normalized: procedural
normalized: languages
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: have
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: function
normalized: support
normalized: typically
normalized: good
normalized: idea
normalized: use
normalized: functions
normalized: make
normalized: scripts
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: and
normalized: structured
normalized: what
normalized: follows
normalized: simply
normalized: add
normalized: function
normalized: guessprime
normalized: create
normalized: guessprimefunction
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: file
normalized: guessprimefunction
normalized: variant
normalized: guessprime
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: tries
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: this
normalized: not
normalized: good
normalized: program
normalized: there
normalized: check
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: enters
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: prime
normalized: might
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: heck
normalized: might
normalized: not
normalized: even
normalized: number
normalized: and
normalized: might
normalized: empty
normalized: some
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: would
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: and
normalized: enters
normalized: output
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: guess
normalized: ask
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: guess
normalized: and
normalized: fill
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: guess
normalized: with
normalized: result
normalized: usage
normalized: askguess
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: where
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: the
normalized: range
normalized: numbers
normalized: which
normalized: they
normalized: should
normalized: guess
normalized: function
normalized: askguess
normalized: echo
normalized: enter
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: read
normalized: guess
normalized: program
normalized: defines
normalized: variable
normalized: called
normalized: prime
normalized: and
normalized: set
normalized: value
normalized: prime
normalized: ask
normalized: them
normalized: once
normalized: askguess
normalized: while
normalized: guess
normalized: prime
normalized: ask
normalized: again
normalized: askguess
normalized: done
normalized: exit
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: defining
normalized: function
normalized: effectively
normalized: adds
normalized: new
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: askguess
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: can
normalized: have
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: those
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: available
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: they
normalized: were
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: all
normalized: other
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: treated
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: like
normalized: guess
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: try
normalized: this
normalized: script
normalized: very
normalized: fragile
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: nothing
normalized: just
normalized: hit
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: prompt
normalized: for
normalized: guess
normalized: why
normalized: does
normalized: that
normalized: happen
normalized: another
normalized: example
normalized: submitx
normalized: submit
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: solutions
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: command
normalized: labs
normalized: submit
normalized: which
normalized: actually
normalized: just
normalized: runs
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: labs
normalized: submitx
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: learn
normalized: many
normalized: things
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: frequent
normalized: checks
normalized: for
normalized: possible
normalized: problems
normalized: the
normalized: carefully
normalized: quoted
normalized: variable
normalized: instantiations
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: chains
normalized: with
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: sequence
normalized: stops
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: only
normalized: reaches
normalized: exit
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: succeed
normalized: without
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: break
normalized: long
normalized: lines
normalized: into
normalized: readable
normalized: sequences
normalized: bin
normalized: bash
normalized: submit
normalized: homework
normalized: assignment
normalized: the
normalized: assignment
normalized: must
normalized: labs
normalized: labn
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: entire
normalized: directory
normalized: copied
normalized: submit
normalized: labs
normalized: labn
normalized: username
normalized: where
normalized: username
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: that
normalized: runs
normalized: this
normalized: script
normalized: usage
normalized: submit
normalized: extension
normalized: where
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: optional
normalized: second
normalized: word
normalized: literally
normalized: extension
normalized: and
normalized: used
normalized: indicate
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: student
normalized: wants
normalized: claim
normalized: extension
normalized: this
normalized: assignment
normalized: that
normalized: case
normalized: all
normalized: previously
normalized: submitted
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: deleted
normalized: usage
normalized: usage
normalized: extension
normalized: where
normalized: check
normalized: arguments
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: usage
normalized: exit
normalized: then
normalized: extension
normalized: then
normalized: extension
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: usage
normalized: exit
normalized: let
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: usage
normalized: exit
normalized: lab
normalized: lab
normalized: destination
normalized: their
normalized: files
normalized: dest
normalized: labs
normalized: submissions
normalized: lab
normalized: user
normalized: extension
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: requesting
normalized: extension
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: submitting
normalized: lab
normalized: check
normalized: their
normalized: directory
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: oops
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: missing
normalized: directory
normalized: exit
normalized: echo
normalized: ensuring
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: not
normalized: visible
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: user
normalized: chmod
normalized: rwx
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: good
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: failed
normalized: unable
normalized: set
normalized: permissions
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: echo
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: exit
normalized: prepare
normalized: copy
normalized: from
normalized: source
normalized: dest
normalized: source
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: echo
normalized: checking
normalized: source
normalized: directory
normalized: source
normalized: source
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: source
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: exist
normalized: not
normalized: directory
normalized: echo
normalized: did
normalized: you
normalized: put
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: place
normalized: exit
normalized: source
normalized: source
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: source
normalized: not
normalized: searchable
normalized: not
normalized: readable
normalized: source
normalized: exit
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: good
normalized: echo
normalized: checking
normalized: destination
normalized: directory
normalized: dest
normalized: mkdir
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chmod
normalized: rwx
normalized: dest
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: good
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: cannot
normalized: make
normalized: directory
normalized: dest
normalized: exit
normalized: extension
normalized: then
normalized: echo
normalized: removing
normalized: previously
normalized: submitted
normalized: files
normalized: any
normalized: dest
normalized: echo
normalized: marking
normalized: your
normalized: submission
normalized: extension
normalized: date
normalized: dest
normalized: extension
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chgrp
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chmod
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chmod
normalized: rwx
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chmod
normalized: rwx
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: echo
normalized: success
normalized: lab
normalized: extension
normalized: requested
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: cat
normalized: dest
normalized: extension
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: exit
normalized: else
normalized: echo
normalized: copying
normalized: new
normalized: changed
normalized: files
normalized: rsync
normalized: ahv
normalized: delete
normalized: source
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chgrp
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chmod
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chmod
normalized: rwx
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: chmod
normalized: rwx
normalized: dest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: echo
normalized: success
normalized: lab
normalized: submitted
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: date
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: exit
normalized: echo
normalized: failed
normalized: exit
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: introduction
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: introduction
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: few
normalized: lectures
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: crash
normalized: course
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: now
normalized: move
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: will
normalized: spend
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: developing
normalized: our
normalized: and
normalized: systems
normalized: programming
normalized: skill
normalized: set
normalized: first
normalized: understanding
normalized: the
normalized: basics
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: through
normalized: examples
normalized: study
normalized: good
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: our
normalized: own
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: will
normalized: serve
normalized: introduction
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: also
normalized: want
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: which
normalized: has
normalized: lots
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: programming
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: time
normalized: cover
normalized: class
normalized: goals
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: from
normalized: today
normalized: lecture
normalized: structure
normalized: program
normalized: compiling
normalized: and
normalized: running
normalized: program
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: output
normalized: with
normalized: stdin
normalized: stdout
normalized: random
normalized: numbers
normalized: functions
normalized: reading
normalized: elected
normalized: not
normalized: require
normalized: specific
normalized: textbook
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: choose
normalized: from
normalized: including
normalized: good
normalized: text
normalized: online
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: resources
normalized: page
normalized: the
normalized: harbison
normalized: and
normalized: steele
normalized: book
normalized: very
normalized: highly
normalized: recommended
normalized: and
normalized: said
normalized: class
normalized: excellent
normalized: reference
normalized: and
normalized: learning
normalized: resource
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: tutorial
normalized: when
normalized: reference
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: shorthand
normalized: amp
normalized: you
normalized: feel
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: more
normalized: textbook
normalized: either
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: online
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: professor
normalized: for
normalized: recommendations
normalized: good
normalized: ones
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: past
normalized: incarnations
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: bronson
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: not
normalized: bad
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: lots
normalized: others
normalized: including
normalized: some
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: get
normalized: electronically
normalized: like
normalized: prinz
normalized: nutshell
normalized: reilly
normalized: manuals
normalized: programming
normalized: depends
normalized: suite
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: for
normalized: input
normalized: output
normalized: strings
normalized: math
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: most
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: functions
normalized: are
normalized: documented
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: try
normalized: man
normalized: strcpy
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: some
normalized: functions
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: with
normalized: identical
normalized: names
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: man
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: page
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: printf
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: printf
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: ask
normalized: man
normalized: look
normalized: only
normalized: for
normalized: library
normalized: functions
normalized: section
normalized: the
normalized: manual
normalized: with
normalized: man
normalized: printf
normalized: can
normalized: correctly
normalized: described
normalized: successful
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: description
normalized: also
normalized: given
normalized: java
normalized: and
normalized: procedural
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: not
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: language
normalized: like
normalized: java
normalized: programs
normalized: written
normalized: can
normalized: described
normalized: good
normalized: programs
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: clearly
normalized: make
normalized: use
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: programming
normalized: practices
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: well
normalized: documented
normalized: with
normalized: sufficient
normalized: comments
normalized: and
normalized: meaningful
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: course
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: properties
normalized: are
normalized: independent
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: traits
normalized: good
normalized: programming
normalized: any
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: language
normalized: has
normalized: the
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: programming
normalized: features
normalized: provided
normalized: most
normalized: procedural
normalized: programming
normalized: languages
normalized: strongly
normalized: typed
normalized: variables
normalized: constants
normalized: structured
normalized: types
normalized: enumerated
normalized: types
normalized: mechanism
normalized: for
normalized: defining
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: types
normalized: aggregate
normalized: structures
normalized: control
normalized: structures
normalized: recursion
normalized: and
normalized: program
normalized: modularization
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: support
normalized: sets
normalized: data
normalized: java
normalized: concept
normalized: class
normalized: objects
normalized: nested
normalized: functions
normalized: nor
normalized: subrange
normalized: types
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: use
normalized: array
normalized: subscripts
normalized: and
normalized: has
normalized: only
normalized: recently
normalized: added
normalized: boolean
normalized: datatype
normalized: does
normalized: have
normalized: however
normalized: separate
normalized: compilation
normalized: conditional
normalized: compilation
normalized: bitwise
normalized: operators
normalized: pointer
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: and
normalized: language
normalized: independent
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: decision
normalized: about
normalized: whether
normalized: java
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: that
normalized: question
normalized: can
normalized: decided
normalized: even
normalized: needs
normalized: decided
normalized: not
normalized: going
normalized: easy
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: choice
normalized: for
normalized: most
normalized: systems
normalized: level
normalized: engineering
normalized: and
normalized: scientific
normalized: programming
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: popular
normalized: operating
normalized: systems
normalized: linux
normalized: windows
normalized: and
normalized: mac
normalized: their
normalized: interfaces
normalized: and
normalized: file
normalized: systems
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: the
normalized: infrastructure
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: including
normalized: most
normalized: its
normalized: networking
normalized: protocols
normalized: web
normalized: servers
normalized: and
normalized: email
normalized: systems
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: software
normalized: libraries
normalized: providing
normalized: graphical
normalized: interfaces
normalized: and
normalized: tools
normalized: and
normalized: efficient
normalized: numerical
normalized: statistical
normalized: encryption
normalized: and
normalized: compression
normalized: algorithms
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: for
normalized: most
normalized: embedded
normalized: devices
normalized: including
normalized: those
normalized: cars
normalized: aircraft
normalized: robots
normalized: smart
normalized: appliances
normalized: sensors
normalized: and
normalized: game
normalized: consoles
normalized: written
normalized: recent
normalized: mobile
normalized: devices
normalized: such
normalized: the
normalized: iphone
normalized: ipad
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: microsoft
normalized: products
normalized: use
normalized: languages
normalized: derived
normalized: from
normalized: such
normalized: objective
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: tiobe
normalized: programming
normalized: community
normalized: index
normalized: another
normalized: indicator
normalized: the
normalized: popularity
normalized: programming
normalized: languages
normalized: updated
normalized: monthly
normalized: provides
normalized: great
normalized: historical
normalized: look
normalized: this
normalized: topic
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: latest
normalized: results
normalized: here
normalized: overall
normalized: philosophy
normalized: get
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: way
normalized: often
normalized: criticized
normalized: for
normalized: allowing
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: pretty
normalized: much
normalized: whatever
normalized: she
normalized: wants
normalized: examples
normalized: class
normalized: iteratively
normalized: build
normalized: version
normalized: our
normalized: friend
normalized: guessprime
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: enhance
normalized: follow
normalized: classroom
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: guessprime
normalized: simple
normalized: replacement
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: program
normalized: guessprime
normalized: add
normalized: readguess
normalized: function
normalized: guessprime
normalized: move
normalized: readguess
normalized: function
normalized: bottom
normalized: declare
normalized: function
normalized: prototype
normalized: guessprime
normalized: add
normalized: isprime
normalized: function
normalized: check
normalized: bounds
normalized: input
normalized: args
normalized: prototypes
normalized: guessprime
normalized: pick
normalized: random
normalized: answer
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: time
normalized: cover
normalized: guessprime
normalized: support
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: guessprime
normalized: handle
normalized: non
normalized: numeric
normalized: input
normalized: from
normalized: user
normalized: guessprime
normalized: smarter
normalized: readline
normalized: function
normalized: introduced
normalized: tomorrow
normalized: guessprime
normalized: interpret
normalized: words
normalized: like
normalized: quit
normalized: input
normalized: usage
normalized: stderr
normalized: encourage
normalized: you
normalized: read
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: compare
normalized: one
normalized: version
normalized: with
normalized: another
normalized: using
normalized: diff
normalized: here
normalized: also
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: expansion
normalized: bash
normalized: flume
normalized: diff
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: version
normalized: our
normalized: bash
normalized: demo
normalized: program
normalized: add
normalized: isprime
normalized: function
normalized: check
normalized: bounds
normalized: input
normalized: args
normalized: prototypes
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: guessprime
normalized: version
normalized: our
normalized: bash
normalized: demo
normalized: program
normalized: handle
normalized: non
normalized: numeric
normalized: input
normalized: from
normalized: user
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: scanf
normalized: amp
normalized: guess
normalized: scanf
normalized: amp
normalized: guess
normalized: printf
normalized: hey
normalized: invalid
normalized: number
normalized: while
normalized: getchar
normalized: discard
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: characters
normalized: input
normalized: line
normalized: return
normalized: return
normalized: return
normalized: activity
normalized: our
normalized: class
normalized: activity
normalized: extend
normalized: guessprime
normalized: with
normalized: additional
normalized: function
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: continue
normalized: our
normalized: accelerated
normalized: introduction
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: goals
normalized: learn
normalized: several
normalized: things
normalized: today
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: and
normalized: useful
normalized: readline
normalized: opening
normalized: and
normalized: reading
normalized: from
normalized: files
normalized: arrays
normalized: and
normalized: arrays
normalized: strings
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: compiling
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: into
normalized: one
normalized: program
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: also
normalized: want
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: which
normalized: has
normalized: lots
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: time
normalized: cover
normalized: class
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: classroom
normalized: activity
normalized: takes
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: nature
normalized: strings
normalized: arrays
normalized: and
normalized: why
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: keep
normalized: that
normalized: mind
normalized: live
normalized: demos
normalized: see
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: from
normalized: today
normalized: class
normalized: names
normalized: read
normalized: list
normalized: names
normalized: into
normalized: array
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: back
normalized: out
normalized: names
normalized: pulls
normalized: readline
normalized: out
normalized: readline
normalized: and
normalized: readline
normalized: names
normalized: read
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: provided
normalized: instead
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: leverages
normalized: freadline
normalized: and
normalized: freadline
normalized: bonus
normalized: example
normalized: strings
normalized: how
normalized: strings
normalized: work
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: get
normalized: explore
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: but
normalized: well
normalized: worth
normalized: playing
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: key
normalized: concepts
normalized: names
normalized: read
normalized: list
normalized: names
normalized: into
normalized: array
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: back
normalized: out
normalized: names
normalized: preamble
normalized: bool
normalized: data
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: stdbool
normalized: main
normalized: the
normalized: notion
normalized: char
normalized: representing
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: strings
normalized: are
normalized: arrays
normalized: characters
normalized: use
normalized: const
normalized: for
normalized: values
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: never
normalized: change
normalized: declaration
normalized: names
normalized: two
normalized: dimensional
normalized: array
normalized: think
normalized: one
normalized: dimensional
normalized: array
normalized: strings
normalized: for
normalized: loop
normalized: with
normalized: three
normalized: parts
normalized: initializer
normalized: two
normalized: reasons
normalized: end
normalized: names
normalized: full
normalized: file
normalized: reaches
normalized: eof
normalized: empty
normalized: printf
normalized: loop
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: include
normalized: because
normalized: each
normalized: name
normalized: includes
normalized: newline
normalized: character
normalized: per
normalized: the
normalized: contract
normalized: with
normalized: readline
normalized: readline
normalized: could
normalized: use
normalized: gets
normalized: read
normalized: line
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: but
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: overwrite
normalized: the
normalized: space
normalized: allocated
normalized: string
normalized: could
normalized: use
normalized: fgets
normalized: len
normalized: stdin
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: overwrite
normalized: string
normalized: size
normalized: len
normalized: but
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: read
normalized: whole
normalized: line
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: let
normalized: write
normalized: our
normalized: own
normalized: readline
normalized: function
normalized: instead
normalized: detailed
normalized: comment
normalized: describing
normalized: the
normalized: contract
normalized: between
normalized: caller
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: while
normalized: loop
normalized: that
normalized: runs
normalized: until
normalized: eof
normalized: buffer
normalized: full
normalized: why
normalized: pos
normalized: len
normalized: instead
normalized: pos
normalized: len
normalized: use
normalized: pos
normalized: notation
normalized: step
normalized: through
normalized: array
normalized: need
normalized: null
normalized: terminate
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: with
normalized: return
normalized: from
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: need
normalized: strip
normalized: excess
normalized: characters
normalized: from
normalized: over
normalized: length
normalized: line
normalized: until
normalized: reach
normalized: eof
normalized: newline
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: pulls
normalized: out
normalized: readline
normalized: readline
normalized: and
normalized: readline
normalized: names
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: quotes
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: brackets
normalized: this
normalized: means
normalized: will
normalized: sought
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: standard
normalized: place
normalized: where
normalized: libraries
normalized: live
normalized: readline
normalized: textually
normalized: included
normalized: names
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: where
normalized: include
normalized: was
normalized: used
normalized: use
normalized: extern
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: indicate
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: will
normalized: provided
normalized: another
normalized: file
normalized: readline
normalized: header
normalized: comment
normalized: here
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: easily
normalized: readable
normalized: users
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: use
normalized: ifndef
normalized: protect
normalized: against
normalized: repeated
normalized: inclusion
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: ifndef
normalized: readline
normalized: define
normalized: readline
normalized: endif
normalized: readline
normalized: readline
normalized: also
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: not
normalized: strictly
normalized: necessary
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: but
normalized: gives
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: chance
normalized: check
normalized: that
normalized: prototype
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: matches
normalized: the
normalized: definition
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: read
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: provided
normalized: instead
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: leverages
normalized: freadline
normalized: and
normalized: freadline
normalized: main
normalized: takes
normalized: arguments
normalized: code
normalized: checks
normalized: arguments
normalized: for
normalized: validity
normalized: use
normalized: fopen
normalized: open
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: reading
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: printed
normalized: stderr
normalized: with
normalized: fprintf
normalized: fclose
normalized: later
normalized: called
normalized: close
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: freadline
normalized: like
normalized: readline
normalized: except
normalized: uses
normalized: getc
normalized: instead
normalized: getchar
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: file
normalized: pointer
normalized: object
normalized: type
normalized: file
normalized: more
normalized: that
normalized: later
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: classroom
normalized: activity
normalized: explored
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: overwrite
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: string
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: memory
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: malloc
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: memory
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: malloc
normalized: truly
normalized: understand
normalized: and
normalized: particular
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: pointers
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: understand
normalized: how
normalized: programs
normalized: use
normalized: memory
normalized: these
normalized: same
normalized: concepts
normalized: underly
normalized: nearly
normalized: all
normalized: procedural
normalized: languages
normalized: though
normalized: some
normalized: languages
normalized: cover
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: goals
normalized: recognize
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: data
normalized: stored
normalized: memory
normalized: that
normalized: memory
normalized: linear
normalized: sequence
normalized: bytes
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: every
normalized: byte
normalized: has
normalized: numeric
normalized: address
normalized: understand
normalized: that
normalized: stores
normalized: the
normalized: running
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: data
normalized: one
normalized: four
normalized: areas
normalized: memory
normalized: each
normalized: managed
normalized: differently
normalized: learn
normalized: about
normalized: syntax
normalized: for
normalized: pointers
normalized: addresses
normalized: and
normalized: dereferencing
normalized: begin
normalized: explore
normalized: dynamic
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: slides
normalized: and
normalized: examples
normalized: today
normalized: used
normalized: brief
normalized: set
normalized: slides
normalized: keynote
normalized: pdf
normalized: explain
normalized: memory
normalized: addresses
normalized: and
normalized: pointers
normalized: complementing
normalized: the
normalized: notes
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: slides
normalized: reference
normalized: several
normalized: examples
normalized: pointer
normalized: pointer
normalized: pointer
normalized: pointer
normalized: memory
normalized: and
normalized: addresses
normalized: every
normalized: bit
normalized: information
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: needs
normalized: must
normalized: stored
normalized: somewhere
normalized: memory
normalized: whether
normalized: instructions
normalized: data
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: memory
normalized: sequence
normalized: bytes
normalized: each
normalized: byte
normalized: with
normalized: its
normalized: own
normalized: numeric
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: has
normalized: one
normalized: megabyte
normalized: memory
normalized: these
normalized: bytes
normalized: will
normalized: numbered
normalized: from
normalized: that
normalized: from
normalized: since
normalized: computer
normalized: scientists
normalized: work
normalized: hexadecimal
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: decimal
normalized: the
normalized: bytes
normalized: are
normalized: numbered
normalized: from
normalized: fffff
normalized: practice
normalized: tend
normalized: write
normalized: hexadecimal
normalized: numbers
normalized: notation
normalized: xfffff
normalized: given
normalized: variable
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: operator
normalized: amp
normalized: get
normalized: its
normalized: address
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: read
normalized: this
normalized: operator
normalized: address
normalized: int
normalized: int
normalized: amp
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: variable
normalized: integer
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: variable
normalized: pointer
normalized: integer
normalized: and
normalized: initialized
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: memory
normalized: where
normalized: stored
normalized: the
normalized: way
normalized: the
normalized: null
normalized: pointer
normalized: simply
normalized: address
normalized: zero
normalized: the
normalized: arranges
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: memory
normalized: segment
normalized: illegal
normalized: for
normalized: reading
normalized: for
normalized: writing
normalized: you
normalized: try
normalized: dereference
normalized: null
normalized: pointer
normalized: for
normalized: reading
normalized: writing
normalized: think
normalized: char
normalized: null
normalized: char
normalized: the
normalized: will
normalized: catch
normalized: and
normalized: trigger
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: becomes
normalized: process
normalized: within
normalized: unix
normalized: see
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: processes
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: bash
normalized: commandline
normalized: see
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: processes
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: try
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: executable
normalized: code
normalized: copied
normalized: into
normalized: memory
normalized: the
normalized: processor
normalized: can
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: and
normalized: execute
normalized: them
normalized: this
normalized: region
normalized: often
normalized: called
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: segment
normalized: text
normalized: segment
normalized: let
normalized: focus
normalized: data
normalized: which
normalized: live
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: three
normalized: segments
normalized: three
normalized: regions
normalized: data
normalized: memory
normalized: stores
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: manipulates
normalized: three
normalized: distinct
normalized: regions
normalized: memory
normalized: aka
normalized: segments
normalized: there
normalized: nothing
normalized: special
normalized: about
normalized: each
normalized: region
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: somewhere
normalized: that
normalized: linear
normalized: sequence
normalized: bytes
normalized: but
normalized: manages
normalized: each
normalized: differently
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: each
normalized: turn
normalized: global
normalized: memory
normalized: aka
normalized: static
normalized: the
normalized: simplest
normalized: region
normalized: called
normalized: global
normalized: static
normalized: storage
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: live
normalized: you
normalized: define
normalized: constant
normalized: variable
normalized: outside
normalized: any
normalized: function
normalized: has
normalized: global
normalized: scope
normalized: meaning
normalized: that
normalized: visible
normalized: all
normalized: code
normalized: any
normalized: function
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: static
normalized: storage
normalized: meaning
normalized: that
normalized: allocates
normalized: space
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: initializes
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: begins
normalized: executing
normalized: its
normalized: address
normalized: will
normalized: never
normalized: change
normalized: throughout
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: hence
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: static
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: const
normalized: float
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: usage
normalized: usage
normalized: dog
normalized: mapfile
normalized: filename
normalized: int
normalized: error
normalized: count
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: declares
normalized: three
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: two
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: constants
normalized: and
normalized: one
normalized: which
normalized: variable
normalized: all
normalized: are
normalized: visible
normalized: functions
normalized: defined
normalized: below
normalized: their
normalized: declaration
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: always
normalized: declared
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: file
normalized: after
normalized: include
normalized: directives
normalized: and
normalized: before
normalized: any
normalized: function
normalized: definitions
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: can
normalized: handy
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: necessary
normalized: but
normalized: good
normalized: style
normalized: avoid
normalized: use
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: global
normalized: constants
normalized: are
normalized: generally
normalized: well
normalized: modularized
normalized: programs
normalized: keep
normalized: their
normalized: data
normalized: close
normalized: passing
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: pointers
normalized: data
normalized: among
normalized: functions
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: two
normalized: kinds
normalized: global
normalized: global
normalized: within
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: global
normalized: across
normalized: all
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: former
normalized: are
normalized: reasonable
normalized: used
normalized: carefully
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: latter
normalized: are
normalized: more
normalized: dangerous
normalized: discuss
normalized: the
normalized: differences
normalized: later
normalized: have
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: for
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: code
normalized: seen
normalized: far
normalized: makes
normalized: extensive
normalized: use
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: these
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: defined
normalized: within
normalized: function
normalized: and
normalized: have
normalized: local
normalized: scope
normalized: meaning
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: visible
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: only
normalized: and
normalized: stack
normalized: storage
normalized: meaning
normalized: that
normalized: allocates
normalized: space
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: particular
normalized: instance
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: call
normalized: note
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: parameters
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: stack
normalized: works
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: starts
normalized: allocates
normalized: chunk
normalized: bytes
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: hold
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: variables
normalized: defined
normalized: main
normalized: this
normalized: chunk
normalized: called
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: initialize
normalized: these
normalized: bytes
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: must
normalized: initialize
normalized: variables
normalized: either
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: definition
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: follow
normalized: later
normalized: when
normalized: main
normalized: calls
normalized: another
normalized: function
normalized: say
normalized: readline
normalized: allocates
normalized: another
normalized: chunk
normalized: bytes
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: you
normalized: could
normalized: say
normalized: pushes
normalized: another
normalized: frame
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: hold
normalized: the
normalized: variables
normalized: defined
normalized: readline
normalized: when
normalized: readline
normalized: calls
normalized: fgetc
normalized: pushes
normalized: another
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: chunk
normalized: bytes
normalized: hold
normalized: the
normalized: variables
normalized: defined
normalized: within
normalized: fgetc
normalized: when
normalized: fgetc
normalized: returns
normalized: pops
normalized: the
normalized: frame
normalized: off
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: when
normalized: readline
normalized: returns
normalized: pops
normalized: that
normalized: frame
normalized: off
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: defined
normalized: readline
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: just
normalized: syntactically
normalized: inaccessible
normalized: main
normalized: out
normalized: scope
normalized: their
normalized: memory
normalized: longer
normalized: allocated
normalized: indeed
normalized: when
normalized: main
normalized: calls
normalized: another
normalized: function
normalized: say
normalized: printf
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: pushed
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: for
normalized: printf
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: memory
normalized: that
normalized: had
normalized: been
normalized: allocated
normalized: readline
normalized: and
normalized: fgetc
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: dynamically
normalized: allocated
normalized: memory
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: kind
normalized: data
normalized: memory
normalized: called
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: large
normalized: region
normalized: memory
normalized: managed
normalized: malloc
normalized: each
normalized: call
normalized: malloc
normalized: selects
normalized: chunk
normalized: bytes
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: region
normalized: and
normalized: returns
normalized: pointer
normalized: that
normalized: chunk
normalized: keeps
normalized: careful
normalized: records
normalized: which
normalized: chunks
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: allocated
normalized: and
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: free
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: responsibility
normalized: eventually
normalized: return
normalized: unused
normalized: chunks
normalized: calling
normalized: free
normalized: where
normalized: pointer
normalized: earlier
normalized: returned
normalized: malloc
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: forgets
normalized: call
normalized: free
normalized: that
normalized: chunk
normalized: can
normalized: never
normalized: reused
normalized: and
normalized: eventually
normalized: malloc
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: out
normalized: free
normalized: chunks
normalized: allocated
normalized: this
normalized: situation
normalized: called
normalized: memory
normalized: leak
normalized: also
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: responsibility
normalized: not
normalized: call
normalized: free
normalized: multiple
normalized: times
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: pointer
normalized: doing
normalized: may
normalized: corrupt
normalized: the
normalized: records
normalized: kept
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: library
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: lead
normalized: program
normalized: crashes
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: four
normalized: related
normalized: functions
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: understand
normalized: malloc
normalized: allocates
normalized: bytes
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: calloc
normalized: count
normalized: size
normalized: allocates
normalized: count
normalized: size
normalized: bytes
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: realloc
normalized: where
normalized: pointer
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: expands
normalized: shrinks
normalized: its
normalized: allocation
normalized: bytes
normalized: free
normalized: where
normalized: pointer
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: releases
normalized: that
normalized: portion
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: future
normalized: use
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: this
normalized: animated
normalized: explanation
normalized: pointers
normalized: fun
normalized: exit
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: exits
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: memory
normalized: released
normalized: the
normalized: four
normalized: segments
normalized: code
normalized: global
normalized: stack
normalized: and
normalized: heap
normalized: disappear
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: looks
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: copies
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: tries
normalized: find
normalized: bug
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: dynamic
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: dynamic
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: goals
normalized: understand
normalized: that
normalized: malloc
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: allocate
normalized: and
normalized: allocate
normalized: memory
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: use
normalized: dynamic
normalized: memory
normalized: build
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: from
normalized: today
normalized: class
normalized: background
normalized: working
normalized: with
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: builds
normalized: and
normalized: manipulates
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: you
normalized: learned
normalized: about
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: and
normalized: may
normalized: want
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: implementation
normalized: slides
normalized: pdf
normalized: powerpoint
normalized: singlylinked
normalized: java
normalized: simplelist
normalized: java
normalized: dynamic
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: before
normalized: dive
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: this
normalized: animated
normalized: explanation
normalized: pointers
normalized: fun
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: language
normalized: support
normalized: for
normalized: dynamically
normalized: allocating
normalized: new
normalized: things
normalized: instead
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: has
normalized: call
normalized: library
normalized: function
normalized: called
normalized: malloc
normalized: allocate
normalized: new
normalized: chunk
normalized: memory
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: segment
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: call
normalized: free
normalized: return
normalized: that
normalized: chunk
normalized: memory
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: has
normalized: remember
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: chunk
normalized: bytes
normalized: received
normalized: from
normalized: malloc
normalized: which
normalized: otherwise
normalized: should
normalized: assumed
normalized: contain
normalized: random
normalized: data
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: has
normalized: careful
normalized: allocate
normalized: large
normalized: enough
normalized: chunk
normalized: hold
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: she
normalized: intends
normalized: store
normalized: there
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: pointers
normalized: write
normalized: outside
normalized: that
normalized: chunk
normalized: memory
normalized: lots
normalized: flexibility
normalized: and
normalized: power
normalized: but
normalized: with
normalized: any
normalized: great
normalized: power
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: take
normalized: great
normalized: care
normalized: using
normalized: java
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: new
normalized: dynamically
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: object
normalized: and
normalized: delete
normalized: discard
normalized: object
normalized: created
normalized: with
normalized: new
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: java
normalized: compiler
normalized: and
normalized: runtime
normalized: handles
normalized: object
normalized: deletion
normalized: and
normalized: memory
normalized: recovery
normalized: automatically
normalized: called
normalized: garbage
normalized: collection
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: four
normalized: related
normalized: functions
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: understand
normalized: malloc
normalized: malloc
normalized: allocates
normalized: bytes
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: contents
normalized: remain
normalized: uninitialized
normalized: calloc
normalized: calloc
normalized: count
normalized: size
normalized: allocates
normalized: count
normalized: size
normalized: bytes
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: and
normalized: initializes
normalized: all
normalized: zero
normalized: this
normalized: call
normalized: appropriate
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: allocate
normalized: array
normalized: count
normalized: items
normalized: each
normalized: size
normalized: bytes
normalized: realloc
normalized: realloc
normalized: where
normalized: pointer
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: expands
normalized: shrinks
normalized: its
normalized: allocation
normalized: bytes
normalized: free
normalized: free
normalized: where
normalized: pointer
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: releases
normalized: that
normalized: portion
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: future
normalized: use
normalized: our
normalized: examples
normalized: today
normalized: show
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: malloc
normalized: allocate
normalized: space
normalized: store
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: struct
normalized: holding
normalized: aggregate
normalized: types
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: using
normalized: calloc
normalized: and
normalized: realloc
normalized: read
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: readlinep
normalized: works
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: and
normalized: stray
normalized: pointers
normalized: for
normalized: every
normalized: malloc
normalized: there
normalized: must
normalized: matching
normalized: free
normalized: you
normalized: allocate
normalized: space
normalized: but
normalized: never
normalized: free
normalized: you
normalized: created
normalized: memory
normalized: leak
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: runs
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: memory
normalized: size
normalized: will
normalized: grow
normalized: and
normalized: grow
normalized: and
normalized: eventually
normalized: run
normalized: out
normalized: memory
normalized: you
normalized: free
normalized: pointer
normalized: you
normalized: never
normalized: allocated
normalized: free
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: pointer
normalized: twice
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: cause
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: manager
normalized: corrupt
normalized: its
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: and
normalized: trigger
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: some
normalized: future
normalized: time
normalized: often
normalized: seemingly
normalized: random
normalized: time
normalized: whenever
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: malloc
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: corresponding
normalized: free
normalized: call
normalized: document
normalized: whose
normalized: responsibility
normalized: free
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: whenever
normalized: you
normalized: call
normalized: free
normalized: good
normalized: practice
normalized: immediately
normalized: set
normalized: null
normalized: not
normalized: because
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: makes
normalized: difference
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: but
normalized: because
normalized: that
normalized: step
normalized: will
normalized: prevent
normalized: you
normalized: from
normalized: accidentally
normalized: using
normalized: that
normalized: now
normalized: defunct
normalized: pointer
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: clean
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: instead
normalized: unpredictable
normalized: behavior
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: exits
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: memory
normalized: free
normalized: the
normalized: four
normalized: segments
normalized: code
normalized: global
normalized: stack
normalized: and
normalized: heap
normalized: disappear
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: avoid
normalized: sprinking
normalized: calls
normalized: malloc
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: throughout
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: instead
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: kinds
normalized: things
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: create
normalized: and
normalized: destroy
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: type
normalized: specific
normalized: wrapper
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: such
normalized: type
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: manipulates
normalized: things
normalized: type
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: write
normalized: two
normalized: functions
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: listnode
normalized: new
normalized: void
normalized: listnode
normalized: free
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: node
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: function
normalized: calls
normalized: malloc
normalized: sizeof
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: and
normalized: initializes
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: contents
normalized: perhaps
normalized: using
normalized: parameters
normalized: passed
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: calls
normalized: free
normalized: node
normalized: both
normalized: involve
normalized: careful
normalized: error
normalized: checking
normalized: code
normalized: see
normalized: example
normalized: names
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: advantages
normalized: this
normalized: approach
normalized: the
normalized: mainline
normalized: code
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: because
normalized: clear
normalized: what
normalized: listnode
normalized: new
normalized: doing
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: function
normalized: acts
normalized: like
normalized: constructor
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: languages
normalized: and
normalized: can
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: newly
normalized: returned
normalized: memory
normalized: initialized
normalized: least
normalized: not
normalized: random
normalized: bytes
normalized: code
normalized: involving
normalized: malloc
normalized: can
normalized: sometimes
normalized: tricky
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: isolate
normalized: that
normalized: trickiness
normalized: one
normalized: spot
normalized: and
normalized: focus
normalized: getting
normalized: right
normalized: once
normalized: some
normalized: new
normalized: types
normalized: might
normalized: need
normalized: multiple
normalized: malloc
normalized: calls
normalized: our
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: examples
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: malloc
normalized: calls
normalized: and
normalized: corresponding
normalized: free
normalized: calls
normalized: can
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: free
normalized: functions
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: insert
normalized: debugging
normalized: output
normalized: reference
normalized: counting
normalized: logic
normalized: set
normalized: debugger
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: these
normalized: new
normalized: free
normalized: functions
normalized: and
normalized: immediately
normalized: have
normalized: that
normalized: feature
normalized: apply
normalized: all
normalized: occurrences
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: type
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: not
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: language
normalized: like
normalized: java
normalized: python
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: provide
normalized: any
normalized: language
normalized: features
normalized: declare
normalized: class
normalized: create
normalized: and
normalized: manipulate
normalized: object
normalized: instances
normalized: that
normalized: class
normalized: but
normalized: does
normalized: provide
normalized: two
normalized: kinds
normalized: aggregate
normalized: data
normalized: arrays
normalized: and
normalized: structures
normalized: arrays
normalized: seen
normalized: examples
normalized: with
normalized: arrays
normalized: characters
normalized: aka
normalized: strings
normalized: and
normalized: arrays
normalized: character
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: two
normalized: dimensional
normalized: arrays
normalized: characters
normalized: but
normalized: one
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: define
normalized: arrays
normalized: other
normalized: types
normalized: char
normalized: names
normalized: numstudents
normalized: namelength
normalized: int
normalized: ages
normalized: numstudents
normalized: float
normalized: grades
normalized: numstudents
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: sometimes
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: understand
normalized: that
normalized: array
normalized: name
normalized: effect
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: spot
normalized: memory
normalized: where
normalized: that
normalized: array
normalized: data
normalized: lives
normalized: thus
normalized: ages
normalized: type
normalized: int
normalized: and
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: entry
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: but
normalized: ages
normalized: type
normalized: int
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: that
normalized: first
normalized: entry
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: this
normalized: concept
normalized: comes
normalized: mostly
normalized: arrays
normalized: characters
normalized: names
normalized: type
normalized: char
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: names
normalized: type
normalized: char
normalized: and
normalized: names
normalized: type
normalized: char
normalized: effect
normalized: names
normalized: array
normalized: strings
normalized: and
normalized: names
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: string
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: like
normalized: other
normalized: strings
normalized: names
normalized: type
normalized: char
normalized: structs
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: define
normalized: aggregate
normalized: called
normalized: struct
normalized: like
normalized: object
normalized: has
normalized: data
normalized: members
normalized: unlike
normalized: object
normalized: has
normalized: methods
normalized: function
normalized: members
normalized: continuing
normalized: our
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: defined
normalized: struct
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: student
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: array
normalized: structs
normalized: follows
normalized: struct
normalized: student
normalized: char
normalized: name
normalized: namelength
normalized: int
normalized: age
normalized: float
normalized: grade
normalized: struct
normalized: student
normalized: students
normalized: numstudents
normalized: now
normalized: can
normalized: refer
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: student
normalized: student
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: student
normalized: student
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: can
normalized: refer
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: student
normalized: student
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: age
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: student
normalized: student
normalized: age
normalized: our
normalized: classtime
normalized: examples
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: names
normalized: declare
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: build
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: there
normalized: see
normalized: different
normalized: notation
normalized: instead
normalized: refer
normalized: member
normalized: struct
normalized: have
normalized: use
normalized: dereference
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: and
normalized: refer
normalized: member
normalized: the
normalized: pointee
normalized: struct
normalized: student
normalized: alice
normalized: single
normalized: struct
normalized: representing
normalized: alice
normalized: struct
normalized: student
normalized: amp
normalized: alice
normalized: pointer
normalized: initialized
normalized: point
normalized: alice
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: three
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: thing
normalized: int
normalized: age
normalized: alice
normalized: age
normalized: int
normalized: age
normalized: age
normalized: int
normalized: age
normalized: age
normalized: linked
normalized: lists
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: below
normalized: construct
normalized: simple
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: comprising
normalized: nodes
normalized: that
normalized: each
normalized: have
normalized: pointer
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: node
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: includes
normalized: dummy
normalized: head
normalized: node
normalized: simplify
normalized: list
normalized: management
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: head
normalized: pointer
normalized: that
normalized: dummy
normalized: node
normalized: structure
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: node
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: char
normalized: name
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: next
normalized: struct
normalized: listnode
normalized: head
normalized: null
normalized: null
normalized: dummy
normalized: node
normalized: head
normalized: empty
normalized: list
normalized: after
normalized: adding
normalized: three
normalized: nodes
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: might
normalized: look
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: examples
normalized: first
normalized: live
normalized: coded
normalized: simple
normalized: revision
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: using
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: instead
normalized: two
normalized: dimensional
normalized: array
normalized: characters
normalized: names
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: use
normalized: readlinep
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: dimensional
normalized: names
normalized: array
normalized: replaced
normalized: one
normalized: dimensional
normalized: array
normalized: string
normalized: pointers
normalized: which
normalized: more
normalized: common
normalized: and
normalized: which
normalized: allows
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: any
normalized: length
normalized: each
normalized: array
normalized: entry
normalized: points
normalized: dynamically
normalized: allocated
normalized: memory
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: big
normalized: enough
normalized: hold
normalized: that
normalized: name
normalized: use
normalized: new
normalized: freadlinep
normalized: function
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: lecture
normalized: recommend
normalized: you
normalized: read
normalized: about
normalized: its
normalized: implementation
normalized: don
normalized: have
normalized: time
normalized: class
normalized: but
normalized: can
normalized: extend
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: sort
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: using
normalized: qsort
normalized: quicksort
normalized: names
normalized: sort
normalized: names
normalized: void
normalized: casting
normalized: then
normalized: live
normalized: coded
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: names
normalized: revises
normalized: names
normalized: use
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: instead
normalized: array
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: look
normalized: two
normalized: more
normalized: versions
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: names
normalized: extends
normalized: names
normalized: keep
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: sorted
normalized: names
normalized: extends
normalized: names
normalized: remove
normalized: duplicates
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: deletes
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: modular
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: modular
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: focus
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: reusable
normalized: modules
normalized: for
normalized: common
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: goals
normalized: understanding
normalized: the
normalized: importance
normalized: reusable
normalized: modules
normalized: reiterating
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: enable
normalized: modules
normalized: reiterating
normalized: struct
normalized: and
normalized: introducing
normalized: typedef
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: with
normalized: void
normalized: function
normalized: pointers
normalized: modularity
normalized: and
normalized: reuse
normalized: some
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: are
normalized: common
normalized: that
normalized: valuable
normalized: code
normalized: them
normalized: once
normalized: lists
normalized: queues
normalized: stacks
normalized: trees
normalized: and
normalized: hash
normalized: tables
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: use
normalized: that
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: multiple
normalized: programs
normalized: multiple
normalized: purposes
normalized: within
normalized: program
normalized: code
normalized: use
normalized: saves
normalized: time
normalized: because
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: need
normalized: write
normalized: everything
normalized: from
normalized: scratch
normalized: using
normalized: robust
normalized: well
normalized: tested
normalized: modules
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: fresh
normalized: buggy
normalized: code
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: more
normalized: reliable
normalized: finally
normalized: separating
normalized: business
normalized: logic
normalized: from
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: you
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: clearer
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: flexible
normalized: you
normalized: later
normalized: want
normalized: switch
normalized: more
normalized: efficient
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: without
normalized: rewriting
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: business
normalized: logic
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: languages
normalized: make
normalized: this
normalized: easier
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: make
normalized: simple
normalized: define
normalized: class
normalized: objects
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: instances
normalized: needed
normalized: many
normalized: such
normalized: languages
normalized: further
normalized: providing
normalized: templates
normalized: and
normalized: subclasses
normalized: way
normalized: derive
normalized: new
normalized: variants
normalized: the
normalized: base
normalized: class
normalized: has
normalized: none
normalized: these
normalized: capabilities
normalized: but
normalized: can
normalized: approximate
normalized: some
normalized: these
normalized: concepts
normalized: through
normalized: good
normalized: style
normalized: and
normalized: careful
normalized: design
normalized: pointers
normalized: anything
normalized: developing
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: module
normalized: would
normalized: really
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: able
normalized: store
normalized: arbitary
normalized: things
normalized: not
normalized: just
normalized: predetermined
normalized: types
normalized: but
normalized: anything
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: instead
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: strings
normalized: built
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: like
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: that
normalized: could
normalized: store
normalized: pointers
normalized: anything
normalized: today
normalized: want
normalized: list
normalized: string
normalized: things
normalized: tomorrow
normalized: might
normalized: want
normalized: list
normalized: struct
normalized: student
normalized: things
normalized: the
normalized: solution
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: store
normalized: pointers
normalized: things
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: things
normalized: themselves
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: contract
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: thus
normalized: allocate
normalized: and
normalized: initialize
normalized: thing
normalized: and
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: pointer
normalized: remember
normalized: later
normalized: when
normalized: need
normalized: that
normalized: thing
normalized: ask
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: give
normalized: back
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: when
normalized: ask
normalized: you
normalized: print
normalized: things
normalized: delete
normalized: things
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: customized
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: print
normalized: and
normalized: delete
normalized: things
normalized: this
normalized: type
normalized: java
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: languages
normalized: this
normalized: with
normalized: templates
normalized: has
normalized: suport
normalized: for
normalized: templates
normalized: but
normalized: does
normalized: have
normalized: type
normalized: for
normalized: pointer
normalized: anything
normalized: void
normalized: thus
normalized: char
normalized: hello
normalized: pointer
normalized: char
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: string
normalized: int
normalized: amp
normalized: pointer
normalized: int
normalized: struct
normalized: student
normalized: pointer
normalized: struct
normalized: malloc
normalized: sizeof
normalized: struct
normalized: student
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: name
normalized: david
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: struct
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: house
normalized: west
normalized: initialize
normalized: class
normalized: initialize
normalized: void
normalized: anything
normalized: pointer
normalized: any
normalized: type
normalized: anything
normalized: here
normalized: pointer
normalized: char
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: anything
normalized: amp
normalized: here
normalized: pointer
normalized: int
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: anything
normalized: here
normalized: pointer
normalized: struct
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: thus
normalized: our
normalized: modules
normalized: will
normalized: accept
normalized: and
normalized: store
normalized: void
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: return
normalized: them
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: when
normalized: asked
normalized: pointers
normalized: functions
normalized: noted
normalized: above
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: may
normalized: need
normalized: help
normalized: when
normalized: needs
normalized: print
normalized: compare
normalized: delete
normalized: things
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: user
normalized: must
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: with
normalized: special
normalized: helper
normalized: functions
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: language
normalized: like
normalized: java
normalized: things
normalized: are
normalized: objects
normalized: and
normalized: objects
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: print
normalized: themselves
normalized: compare
normalized: themselves
normalized: delete
normalized: themselves
normalized: has
normalized: such
normalized: support
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: may
normalized: pass
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: when
normalized: needed
normalized: can
normalized: actually
normalized: pass
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: have
normalized: pass
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: concept
normalized: pointer
normalized: function
normalized: can
normalized: confusing
normalized: like
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: pointer
normalized: address
normalized: memory
normalized: recall
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: compiled
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: lives
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: segment
normalized: memory
normalized: every
normalized: function
normalized: resides
normalized: some
normalized: address
normalized: function
normalized: pointer
normalized: simply
normalized: that
normalized: address
normalized: can
normalized: refer
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: address
normalized: simply
normalized: naming
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: without
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: calling
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: foo
normalized: function
normalized: pointer
normalized: whereas
normalized: foo
normalized: calls
normalized: that
normalized: function
normalized: and
normalized: passes
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: our
normalized: pointer
normalized: example
normalized: passed
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: functions
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: change
normalized: printf
normalized: could
normalized: print
normalized: those
normalized: addresses
normalized: for
normalized: examine
normalized: have
normalized: function
normalized: called
normalized: myprint
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: void
normalized: myprint
normalized: file
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: int
normalized: valuep
normalized: item
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: things
normalized: are
normalized: integers
normalized: fprintf
normalized: key
normalized: valuep
normalized: note
normalized: valuep
normalized: derefs
normalized: pointer
normalized: have
normalized: function
normalized: pointer
normalized: printfunc
normalized: can
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: pointer
normalized: and
normalized: call
normalized: through
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: follows
normalized: printfunc
normalized: myprint
normalized: printfunc
normalized: key
normalized: thing
normalized: other
normalized: words
normalized: dereference
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: get
normalized: function
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: call
normalized: that
normalized: function
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: and
normalized: parens
normalized: printfunc
normalized: how
normalized: would
normalized: declare
normalized: that
normalized: variable
normalized: printfunc
normalized: pretty
normalized: gnarly
normalized: syntax
normalized: void
normalized: printfunc
normalized: file
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: declares
normalized: variable
normalized: printfunc
normalized: pointer
normalized: function
normalized: whose
normalized: prototype
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: that
normalized: myprint
normalized: above
normalized: that
normalized: takes
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: three
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: returns
normalized: void
normalized: indeed
normalized: looks
normalized: almost
normalized: like
normalized: common
normalized: function
normalized: prototype
normalized: except
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: variablename
normalized: notation
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: pointer
normalized: useful
normalized: must
normalized: initialized
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: function
normalized: example
normalized: bags
normalized: today
normalized: live
normalized: code
normalized: bag
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: make
normalized: bag
normalized: version
normalized: our
normalized: names
normalized: series
normalized: bag
normalized: unordered
normalized: collection
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: starts
normalized: empty
normalized: grows
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: adds
normalized: one
normalized: item
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: shrinks
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: extracts
normalized: one
normalized: item
normalized: time
normalized: could
normalized: empty
normalized: could
normalized: contain
normalized: hundreds
normalized: items
normalized: items
normalized: are
normalized: indistinguishable
normalized: the
normalized: extract
normalized: function
normalized: free
normalized: return
normalized: any
normalized: item
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: start
normalized: from
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: modify
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: coding
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: manipulate
normalized: generic
normalized: bag
normalized: things
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: example
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: structure
normalized: types
normalized: like
normalized: struct
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: struct
normalized: bagnode
normalized: typedefs
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: type
normalized: names
normalized: heap
normalized: memory
normalized: created
normalized: via
normalized: malloc
normalized: bag
normalized: new
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: pointers
normalized: build
normalized: and
normalized: manipulate
normalized: bag
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: void
normalized: represent
normalized: pointer
normalized: anything
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: use
normalized: build
normalized: bag
normalized: generic
normalized: things
normalized: reminder
normalized: that
normalized: strings
normalized: even
normalized: constant
normalized: strings
normalized: double
normalized: quotes
normalized: are
normalized: stored
normalized: memory
normalized: arrays
normalized: characters
normalized: and
normalized: referenced
normalized: char
normalized: pointer
normalized: their
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: thus
normalized: even
normalized: constant
normalized: string
normalized: has
normalized: address
normalized: and
normalized: passed
normalized: pointer
normalized: extend
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: split
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: functions
normalized: out
normalized: separate
normalized: set
normalized: files
normalized: demonstrating
normalized: module
normalized: which
normalized: close
normalized: get
normalized: class
normalized: set
normalized: functions
normalized: exported
normalized: via
normalized: bag
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: public
normalized: types
normalized: like
normalized: struct
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: opaque
normalized: types
normalized: private
normalized: types
normalized: like
normalized: struct
normalized: bagnode
normalized: private
normalized: functions
normalized: like
normalized: bagnode
normalized: new
normalized: need
normalized: for
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: always
normalized: try
normalized: avoid
normalized: them
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: after
normalized: some
normalized: cleanup
normalized: names
normalized: complete
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: included
normalized: the
normalized: lab
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: another
normalized: example
normalized: binary
normalized: trees
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: complex
normalized: example
normalized: demonstrating
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: binary
normalized: trees
normalized: dictionary
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: that
normalized: one
normalized: that
normalized: stores
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: pairs
normalized: study
normalized: the
normalized: binary
normalized: tree
normalized: module
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: class
normalized: activity
normalized: add
normalized: counter
normalized: track
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: modules
normalized: and
normalized: makefiles
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: modules
normalized: and
normalized: makefiles
normalized: goals
normalized: how
normalized: create
normalized: usable
normalized: module
normalized: separating
normalized: its
normalized: code
normalized: into
normalized: pair
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: makefiles
normalized: never
normalized: run
normalized: mygcc
normalized: again
normalized: for
normalized: deeper
normalized: dive
normalized: into
normalized: make
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: for
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: see
normalized: another
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: see
normalized: another
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: extracting
normalized: bag
normalized: from
normalized: names
normalized: recall
normalized: our
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: prior
normalized: lecture
normalized: which
normalized: converted
normalized: the
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: specific
normalized: that
normalized: particular
normalized: application
normalized: needs
normalized: into
normalized: generic
normalized: bag
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: our
normalized: next
normalized: step
normalized: extract
normalized: that
normalized: bag
normalized: into
normalized: separate
normalized: set
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: clearly
normalized: defined
normalized: interface
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: easily
normalized: used
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: given
normalized: its
normalized: design
normalized: also
normalized: easy
normalized: create
normalized: multiple
normalized: bags
normalized: unlike
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: design
normalized: names
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: constrained
normalized: single
normalized: application
normalized: specific
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: today
normalized: divide
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: names
normalized: into
normalized: three
normalized: files
normalized: namesa
normalized: new
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: application
normalized: bag
normalized: declarations
normalized: that
normalized: form
normalized: the
normalized: interface
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: bag
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: define
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: since
normalized: also
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: readlinep
normalized: module
normalized: must
normalized: now
normalized: compile
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: command
normalized: like
normalized: mygcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: make
normalized: and
normalized: makefiles
normalized: our
normalized: programs
normalized: become
normalized: more
normalized: complex
normalized: increasingly
normalized: tedious
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: prone
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: compile
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: into
normalized: executable
normalized: indeed
normalized: for
normalized: large
normalized: codebase
normalized: can
normalized: take
normalized: minutes
normalized: hours
normalized: compile
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: fortunately
normalized: there
normalized: good
normalized: tool
normalized: make
normalized: executable
normalized: from
normalized: collection
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: incrementally
normalized: recompiling
normalized: only
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: updated
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: command
normalized: reads
normalized: configuration
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: makefile
normalized: written
normalized: its
normalized: own
normalized: little
normalized: language
normalized: and
normalized: executes
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: needed
normalized: compile
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: link
normalized: them
normalized: into
normalized: executable
normalized: before
normalized: look
normalized: specific
normalized: example
normalized: let
normalized: first
normalized: take
normalized: closer
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: compilation
normalized: process
normalized: from
normalized: now
normalized: will
normalized: compile
normalized: all
normalized: our
normalized: programs
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: compiling
normalized: and
normalized: linking
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: reads
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: like
normalized: bag
normalized: containing
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: assembly
normalized: code
normalized: file
normalized: bag
normalized: containing
normalized: assembly
normalized: language
normalized: assembly
normalized: language
normalized: still
normalized: human
normalized: readable
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: but
normalized: now
normalized: lists
normalized: machine
normalized: level
normalized: instructions
normalized: instead
normalized: statements
normalized: other
normalized: words
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: translates
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: into
normalized: assembly
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: though
normalized: use
normalized: one
normalized: from
normalized: gnu
normalized: called
normalized: gcc
normalized: the
normalized: assembler
normalized: reads
normalized: assembly
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: object
normalized: code
normalized: translating
normalized: the
normalized: textual
normalized: machine
normalized: instructions
normalized: into
normalized: binary
normalized: machine
normalized: instructions
normalized: still
normalized: not
normalized: complete
normalized: program
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: executable
normalized: the
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: assembler
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: reads
normalized: object
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: files
normalized: like
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: readlinep
normalized: and
normalized: from
normalized: libraries
normalized: and
normalized: links
normalized: them
normalized: all
normalized: together
normalized: into
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: run
normalized: execute
normalized: when
normalized: ask
normalized: bash
normalized: run
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: translate
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: further
normalized: both
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: output
normalized: machine
normalized: instructions
normalized: binary
normalized: format
normalized: links
normalized: the
normalized: pieces
normalized: together
normalized: resolving
normalized: references
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: functions
normalized: and
normalized: variables
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: names
normalized: may
normalized: reference
normalized: function
normalized: bag
normalized: new
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: finds
normalized: bag
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: assigns
normalized: memory
normalized: addresses
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: ready
normalized: for
normalized: loading
normalized: into
normalized: memory
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: executed
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: load
normalized: not
normalized: confused
normalized: with
normalized: which
normalized: links
normalized: files
normalized: together
normalized: however
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: not
normalized: magical
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: gcc
normalized: command
normalized: actually
normalized: pretty
normalized: sophisticated
normalized: and
normalized: form
normalized: like
normalized: mygcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: will
normalized: actually
normalized: run
normalized: four
normalized: commands
normalized: something
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: gcc
normalized: bag
normalized: gcc
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: libraries
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: three
normalized: ask
normalized: compile
normalized: the
normalized: listed
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: default
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: creates
normalized: object
normalized: code
normalized: file
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: name
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: extension
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: hood
normalized: actually
normalized: running
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: assembler
normalized: briefly
normalized: creating
normalized: the
normalized: intermediate
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: fourth
normalized: line
normalized: links
normalized: those
normalized: three
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: together
normalized: with
normalized: collection
normalized: common
normalized: libraries
normalized: produce
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: names
normalized: commandline
normalized: argument
normalized: placed
normalized: here
normalized: finally
normalized: cleans
normalized: removing
normalized: the
normalized: intermediate
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: again
normalized: for
normalized: large
normalized: code
normalized: base
normalized: waste
normalized: effort
normalized: recompile
normalized: every
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: even
normalized: only
normalized: one
normalized: them
normalized: has
normalized: changed
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: compilation
normalized: dependencies
normalized: optimize
normalized: this
normalized: process
normalized: helps
normalized: know
normalized: which
normalized: files
normalized: depend
normalized: each
normalized: other
normalized: clearly
normalized: each
normalized: object
normalized: file
normalized: depends
normalized: its
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: depends
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: linked
normalized: together
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: also
normalized: depends
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: but
normalized: assume
normalized: they
normalized: never
normalized: change
normalized: and
normalized: won
normalized: worry
normalized: about
normalized: them
normalized: actually
normalized: look
normalized: deeper
normalized: the
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: also
normalized: depend
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: because
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: virtually
normalized: included
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: file
normalized: bag
normalized: when
normalized: sees
normalized: include
normalized: bag
normalized: some
normalized: point
normalized: while
normalized: reading
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: thus
normalized: also
normalized: have
normalized: dependencies
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: they
normalized: also
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: but
normalized: again
normalized: assume
normalized: those
normalized: never
normalized: change
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: don
normalized: worry
normalized: about
normalized: them
normalized: dependencies
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: dependencies
normalized: are
normalized: actually
normalized: written
normalized: make
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: each
normalized: colon
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: the
normalized: colon
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: dependencies
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: depends
normalized: the
normalized: dependencies
normalized: and
normalized: should
normalized: rebuilt
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: dependencies
normalized: change
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: dependencies
normalized: are
normalized: transitive
normalized: names
normalized: depends
normalized: bag
normalized: which
normalized: depends
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: make
normalized: builds
normalized: the
normalized: dependency
normalized: tree
normalized: and
normalized: rebuilds
normalized: files
normalized: needed
normalized: but
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: rebuild
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: another
normalized: add
normalized: command
normalized: list
normalized: commands
normalized: indented
normalized: with
normalized: tab
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: that
normalized: immediately
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: put
normalized: all
normalized: this
normalized: together
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: makefile
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: depend
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: also
normalized: depend
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: how
normalized: compile
normalized: source
normalized: into
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: gcc
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: gcc
normalized: readlinep
normalized: important
normalized: commands
normalized: must
normalized: indented
normalized: with
normalized: tab
normalized: character
normalized: not
normalized: spaces
normalized: make
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: recognize
normalized: them
normalized: commands
normalized: some
normalized: editors
normalized: are
normalized: savvy
normalized: and
normalized: insert
normalized: tab
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: tab
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: try
normalized: clever
normalized: and
normalized: change
normalized: the
normalized: tab
normalized: spaces
normalized: make
normalized: requires
normalized: tab
normalized: now
normalized: all
normalized: have
normalized: type
normalized: make
normalized: and
normalized: let
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: txt
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: make
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: gcc
normalized: bag
normalized: gcc
normalized: readlinep
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: make
normalized: make
normalized: names
normalized: date
normalized: touch
normalized: bag
normalized: make
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: gcc
normalized: bag
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: txt
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: time
normalized: ran
normalized: make
normalized: compiled
normalized: each
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: object
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: compiled
normalized: them
normalized: all
normalized: together
normalized: use
normalized: gcc
normalized: link
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: because
normalized: very
normalized: complicated
normalized: set
normalized: proper
normalized: commandline
normalized: and
normalized: gcc
normalized: smart
normalized: enough
normalized: realize
normalized: need
normalized: only
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: when
normalized: only
normalized: given
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: second
normalized: run
normalized: make
normalized: checked
normalized: the
normalized: dependency
normalized: tree
normalized: and
normalized: decided
normalized: there
normalized: was
normalized: nothing
normalized: rebuilt
normalized: time
normalized: saved
normalized: pretended
normalized: edit
normalized: bag
normalized: touching
normalized: the
normalized: touch
normalized: command
normalized: just
normalized: updates
normalized: the
normalized: modification
normalized: date
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: named
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: creating
normalized: files
normalized: needed
normalized: but
normalized: making
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: existing
normalized: files
normalized: third
normalized: run
normalized: make
normalized: checked
normalized: the
normalized: dependency
normalized: tree
normalized: and
normalized: saw
normalized: that
normalized: both
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: names
normalized: depend
normalized: bag
normalized: recompiled
normalized: both
normalized: because
normalized: those
normalized: two
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: changed
normalized: had
normalized: rebuild
normalized: names
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: stick
normalized: around
normalized: which
normalized: why
normalized: make
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: rebuild
normalized: them
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: make
normalized: actually
normalized: knows
normalized: about
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: relationship
normalized: between
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: several
normalized: the
normalized: dependencies
normalized: listed
normalized: were
normalized: not
normalized: necessary
normalized: list
normalized: indeed
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: listed
normalized: are
normalized: also
normalized: unnecessary
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: implicit
normalized: rules
normalized: already
normalized: known
normalized: make
normalized: thus
normalized: streamline
normalized: our
normalized: makefile
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: also
normalized: depend
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: compare
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: prior
normalized: makefile
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: two
normalized: whole
normalized: sections
normalized: gone
normalized: this
normalized: new
normalized: makefile
normalized: works
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: txt
normalized: readlinep
normalized: make
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: gcc
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: txt
normalized: readlinep
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: two
normalized: important
normalized: details
normalized: however
normalized: first
normalized: you
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: implicit
normalized: rules
normalized: run
normalized: instead
normalized: gcc
normalized: second
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: neither
normalized: our
normalized: explicit
normalized: rules
normalized: nor
normalized: make
normalized: implicit
normalized: rules
normalized: pass
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: need
normalized: tell
normalized: make
normalized: about
normalized: those
normalized: can
normalized: assign
normalized: some
normalized: make
normalized: variables
normalized: inform
normalized: make
normalized: about
normalized: our
normalized: preferred
normalized: compiler
normalized: and
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: options
normalized: actually
normalized: make
normalized: calls
normalized: them
normalized: macros
normalized: because
normalized: their
normalized: value
normalized: cannot
normalized: actually
normalized: vary
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: cflags
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: also
normalized: depend
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: two
normalized: lines
normalized: assign
normalized: values
normalized: the
normalized: macros
normalized: and
normalized: cflags
normalized: these
normalized: two
normalized: particular
normalized: macros
normalized: are
normalized: known
normalized: make
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: them
normalized: its
normalized: implicit
normalized: rules
normalized: use
normalized: them
normalized: our
normalized: explicit
normalized: rules
normalized: too
normalized: have
normalized: refer
normalized: them
normalized: explicitly
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: rebuild
normalized: names
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: macro
normalized: substitution
normalized: syntax
normalized: make
normalized: uses
normalized: dollar
normalized: sign
normalized: like
normalized: bash
normalized: but
normalized: requires
normalized: parentheses
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: macro
normalized: name
normalized: unlike
normalized: bash
normalized: make
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: this
normalized: time
normalized: make
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: gcc
normalized: compiler
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: our
normalized: flags
normalized: which
normalized: target
normalized: far
normalized: just
normalized: typed
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: can
normalized: actually
normalized: tell
normalized: make
normalized: build
normalized: particular
normalized: target
normalized: naming
normalized: make
normalized: readlinep
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: when
normalized: given
normalized: target
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: make
normalized: chooses
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: target
normalized: that
normalized: has
normalized: commands
normalized: our
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: names
normalized: which
normalized: why
normalized: put
normalized: first
normalized: complex
normalized: makefile
normalized: common
normalized: place
normalized: target
normalized: named
normalized: all
normalized: first
normalized: with
normalized: dependency
normalized: list
normalized: that
normalized: indicates
normalized: which
normalized: target
normalized: list
normalized: actually
normalized: desired
normalized: when
normalized: one
normalized: types
normalized: make
normalized: all
normalized: just
normalized: make
normalized: this
normalized: phony
normalized: target
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: make
normalized: all
normalized: never
normalized: produce
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: all
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: purpose
normalized: direct
normalized: make
normalized: toward
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: want
normalized: build
normalized: cleaning
normalized: taught
normalized: make
normalized: how
normalized: build
normalized: our
normalized: program
normalized: now
normalized: let
normalized: teach
normalized: how
normalized: clean
normalized: convention
normalized: every
normalized: good
normalized: makefile
normalized: has
normalized: target
normalized: called
normalized: clean
normalized: let
normalized: extend
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: makefile
normalized: convention
normalized: the
normalized: clean
normalized: rule
normalized: goes
normalized: the
normalized: bottom
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: clean
normalized: names
normalized: dsym
normalized: the
normalized: flag
normalized: force
normalized: asks
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: success
normalized: even
normalized: fails
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: files
normalized: those
normalized: names
normalized: removed
normalized: the
normalized: flag
normalized: recursive
normalized: removes
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: contents
normalized: these
normalized: commands
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: executable
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: emacs
normalized: backup
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: dsym
normalized: directory
normalized: gcc
normalized: creates
normalized: support
normalized: gdb
normalized: look
normalized: how
normalized: well
normalized: cleans
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: txt
normalized: readlinep
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: names
normalized: dsym
normalized: makefile
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: txt
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: some
normalized: makefiles
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: author
normalized: explicitly
normalized: tell
normalized: make
normalized: that
normalized: this
normalized: rule
normalized: phony
normalized: phony
normalized: clean
normalized: more
normalized: macros
normalized: any
normalized: symbol
normalized: that
normalized: defined
normalized: makefile
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: name
normalized: value
normalized: called
normalized: macro
normalized: once
normalized: defined
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: expand
normalized: them
normalized: using
normalized: name
normalized: also
normalized: common
normalized: define
normalized: macros
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: being
normalized: built
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: into
normalized: below
normalized: our
normalized: final
normalized: makefile
normalized: declares
normalized: prog
normalized: and
normalized: objs
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: purpose
normalized: and
normalized: uses
normalized: them
normalized: the
normalized: build
normalized: command
normalized: also
normalized: included
normalized: list
normalized: library
normalized: files
normalized: needed
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: libs
normalized: although
normalized: names
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: the
normalized: math
normalized: library
normalized: harmless
normalized: ask
normalized: gcc
normalized: link
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: math
normalized: library
normalized: and
normalized: serves
normalized: good
normalized: example
normalized: here
normalized: certain
normalized: libraries
normalized: like
normalized: stdio
normalized: and
normalized: stdlib
normalized: are
normalized: linked
normalized: without
normalized: you
normalized: asking
normalized: prog
normalized: names
normalized: objs
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: libs
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: prog
normalized: objs
normalized: cflags
normalized: objs
normalized: libs
normalized: prog
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: were
normalized: able
normalized: rewrite
normalized: the
normalized: build
normalized: rule
normalized: fully
normalized: generic
normalized: names
normalized: specific
normalized: files
normalized: indeed
normalized: you
normalized: could
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: rule
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: makefiles
normalized: complete
normalized: makefile
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: addition
normalized: the
normalized: phony
normalized: targets
normalized: and
normalized: nice
normalized: header
normalized: comment
normalized: done
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: prog
normalized: names
normalized: objs
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: libs
normalized: phony
normalized: all
normalized: clean
normalized: all
normalized: names
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: prog
normalized: objs
normalized: cflags
normalized: objs
normalized: libs
normalized: prog
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: depend
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: clean
normalized: prog
normalized: dsym
normalized: the
normalized: macro
normalized: definitions
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: make
normalized: easy
normalized: for
normalized: reader
normalized: quickly
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: program
normalized: will
normalized: built
normalized: and
normalized: from
normalized: what
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: gnarly
normalized: compilation
normalized: rule
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: for
normalized: every
normalized: makefile
normalized: written
normalized: once
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: likely
normalized: needing
normalized: changed
normalized: the
normalized: dependencies
normalized: bottom
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: only
normalized: other
normalized: part
normalized: that
normalized: varies
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: specific
normalized: program
normalized: saved
normalized: this
normalized: makefile
normalized: names
normalized: makefile
normalized: our
normalized: examples
normalized: directory
normalized: tips
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: things
normalized: know
normalized: about
normalized: make
normalized: errors
normalized: make
normalized: encounters
normalized: error
normalized: while
normalized: compiling
normalized: stops
normalized: and
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: proceed
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: the
normalized: build
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: compilation
normalized: step
normalized: fails
normalized: and
normalized: prints
normalized: its
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: make
normalized: notices
normalized: this
normalized: prints
normalized: message
normalized: and
normalized: exits
normalized: with
normalized: error
normalized: status
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: proceed
normalized: compile
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: overall
normalized: program
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: ask
normalized: make
normalized: proceed
normalized: even
normalized: after
normalized: encountering
normalized: errors
normalized: run
normalized: make
normalized: make
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: make
normalized: supports
normalized: many
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: see
normalized: man
normalized: make
normalized: file
normalized: use
normalized: file
normalized: instead
normalized: default
normalized: makefile
normalized: determine
normalized: which
normalized: commands
normalized: need
normalized: run
normalized: but
normalized: don
normalized: actually
normalized: execute
normalized: any
normalized: them
normalized: just
normalized: print
normalized: them
normalized: while
normalized: particular
normalized: target
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: things
normalized: that
normalized: depend
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: failed
normalized: continue
normalized: trying
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: dependencies
normalized: these
normalized: targets
normalized: anyway
normalized: emacs
normalized: command
normalized: uses
normalized: this
normalized: flag
normalized: dir
normalized: directory
normalized: dir
normalized: tells
normalized: make
normalized: change
normalized: its
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: internally
normalized: runs
normalized: dir
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: makefile
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: from
normalized: dir
normalized: makefile
normalized: this
normalized: option
normalized: useful
normalized: for
normalized: running
normalized: make
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: automatic
normalized: variables
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: also
normalized: provides
normalized: some
normalized: useful
normalized: automatic
normalized: variables
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: target
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: dependencies
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: newer
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: dependencies
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: target
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: could
normalized: rewrite
normalized: our
normalized: names
normalized: target
normalized: follows
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: cflags
normalized: although
normalized: useful
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: style
normalized: used
normalized: our
normalized: complete
normalized: example
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: documentation
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: view
normalized: the
normalized: gnu
normalized: documentation
normalized: the
normalized: manual
normalized: pages
normalized: for
normalized: make
normalized: steve
normalized: talbot
normalized: oldie
normalized: but
normalized: goodie
normalized: book
normalized: managing
normalized: projects
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: updated
normalized: robert
normalized: mecklenburg
normalized: for
normalized: gnu
normalized: make
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: variety
normalized: online
normalized: tutorials
normalized: for
normalized: make
normalized: for
normalized: emacs
normalized: users
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: emacs
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: installed
normalized: our
normalized: customation
normalized: emacs
normalized: whenever
normalized: you
normalized: start
normalized: emacs
normalized: loads
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: defines
normalized: new
normalized: keystroke
normalized: ctrl
normalized: which
normalized: tells
normalized: emacs
normalized: run
normalized: make
normalized: separate
normalized: subwindow
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: any
normalized: compiler
normalized: errors
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: keystroke
normalized: ctrl
normalized: backquote
normalized: and
normalized: emacs
normalized: jumps
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: right
normalized: line
normalized: handy
normalized: warns
normalized: you
normalized: about
normalized: over
normalized: writing
normalized: existing
normalized: emacs
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: want
normalized: reconsider
normalized: perhaps
normalized: you
normalized: customized
normalized: emacs
normalized: before
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: edit
normalized: your
normalized: emacs
normalized: include
normalized: commands
normalized: from
normalized: emacs
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: simply
normalized: overwriting
normalized: best
normalized: diff
normalized: emacs
normalized: emacs
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: different
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: simply
normalized: overwriting
normalized: yours
normalized: non
normalized: compilation
normalized: makefiles
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: makefiles
normalized: solve
normalized: many
normalized: your
normalized: daily
normalized: challenges
normalized: involving
normalized: sequences
normalized: dependent
normalized: actions
normalized: running
normalized: test
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: during
normalized: development
normalized: and
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: creating
normalized: documents
normalized: with
normalized: latex
normalized: maintaining
normalized: webpages
normalized: staging
normalized: and
normalized: live
normalized: directories
normalized: automated
normalized: documentation
normalized: generation
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: management
normalized: here
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: use
normalized: macbook
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: the
normalized: website
normalized: the
normalized: webserver
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: deploying
normalized: jekyll
normalized: site
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: spring
normalized: borrowing
normalized: from
normalized: charles
normalized: palmer
normalized: and
normalized: ira
normalized: jenkins
normalized: dest
normalized: green
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: desturl
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: localurl
normalized: http
normalized: files
normalized: not
normalized: push
normalized: the
normalized: destination
normalized: site
normalized: excludes
normalized: exclude
normalized: makefile
normalized: exclude
normalized: comics
normalized: future
normalized: exclude
normalized: comics
normalized: unused
normalized: exclude
normalized: examples
normalized: future
normalized: exclude
normalized: examples
normalized: unused
normalized: exclude
normalized: labs
normalized: future
normalized: exclude
normalized: labs
normalized: unused
normalized: exclude
normalized: sections
normalized: future
normalized: exclude
normalized: sections
normalized: unused
normalized: exclude
normalized: reading
normalized: future
normalized: exclude
normalized: reading
normalized: unused
normalized: exclude
normalized: lectures
normalized: future
normalized: exclude
normalized: lectures
normalized: unused
normalized: exclude
normalized: draft
normalized: exclude
normalized: exclude
normalized: exclude
normalized: out
normalized: exclude
normalized: dsym
normalized: delete
normalized: excluded
normalized: phony
normalized: build
normalized: deploy
normalized: local
normalized: clean
normalized: just
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: build
normalized: build
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cat
normalized: config
normalized: base
normalized: config
normalized: yml
normalized: jekyll
normalized: build
normalized: build
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: server
normalized: deploy
normalized: cat
normalized: config
normalized: base
normalized: config
normalized: yml
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: for
normalized: jekyll
normalized: build
normalized: destination
normalized: site
normalized: config
normalized: yml
normalized: echo
normalized: nfixing
normalized: permissions
normalized: chmod
normalized: site
normalized: chmod
normalized: site
normalized: echo
normalized: nadding
normalized: data
normalized: data
normalized: site
normalized: data
normalized: echo
normalized: ndeploying
normalized: rsync
normalized: ssh
normalized: alcvz
normalized: excludes
normalized: delete
normalized: site
normalized: dest
normalized: open
normalized: desturl
normalized: build
normalized: and
normalized: open
normalized: local
normalized: server
normalized: jekyll
normalized: serve
normalized: runs
normalized: jekyll
normalized: build
normalized: first
normalized: local
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: for
normalized: local
normalized: viewing
normalized: cat
normalized: config
normalized: base
normalized: local
normalized: config
normalized: yml
normalized: sleep
normalized: open
normalized: localurl
normalized: amp
normalized: jekyll
normalized: serve
normalized: incremental
normalized: config
normalized: yml
normalized: clean
normalized: jekyll
normalized: clean
normalized: config
normalized: yml
normalized: the
normalized: leading
normalized: some
normalized: command
normalized: lines
normalized: tells
normalized: make
normalized: not
normalized: print
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: out
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: see
normalized: just
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: here
normalized: use
normalized: for
normalized: echo
normalized: commands
normalized: because
normalized: course
normalized: those
normalized: print
normalized: their
normalized: arguments
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: leading
normalized: some
normalized: command
normalized: lines
normalized: tells
normalized: make
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: even
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: will
normalized: allow
normalized: make
normalized: continue
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: error
normalized: message
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: extend
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: names
normalized: add
normalized: phony
normalized: test
normalized: target
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: debugging
normalized: with
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: debugging
normalized: with
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: goals
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: gdb
normalized: debug
normalized: code
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: valgrind
normalized: track
normalized: down
normalized: and
normalized: fix
normalized: memory
normalized: related
normalized: issues
normalized: for
normalized: look
normalized: code
normalized: performance
normalized: profiling
normalized: tool
normalized: called
normalized: grpof
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: great
normalized: reference
normalized: materials
normalized: for
normalized: gdb
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: the
normalized: section
normalized: the
normalized: gnu
normalized: debugger
normalized: gdb
normalized: below
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: discussed
normalized: class
normalized: today
normalized: see
normalized: password
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: familiar
normalized: readlinep
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: well
normalized: introduction
normalized: debugging
normalized: debugging
normalized: twice
normalized: hard
normalized: writing
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: place
normalized: therefore
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: cleverly
normalized: possible
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: definition
normalized: not
normalized: smart
normalized: enough
normalized: debug
normalized: brian
normalized: kernighan
normalized: have
normalized: started
normalized: turn
normalized: our
normalized: attention
normalized: towards
normalized: writing
normalized: larger
normalized: more
normalized: complex
normalized: programs
normalized: have
normalized: tried
normalized: stress
normalized: the
normalized: importance
normalized: debugging
normalized: incorrect
normalized: suspicious
normalized: behavior
normalized: programs
normalized: well
normalized: documenting
normalized: detail
normalized: how
normalized: those
normalized: programs
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: tested
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: making
normalized: debugging
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: priority
normalized: building
normalized: programs
normalized: such
normalized: way
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: confident
normalized: that
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: robust
normalized: and
normalized: correct
normalized: alas
normalized: despite
normalized: our
normalized: great
normalized: intentions
normalized: compose
normalized: quality
normalized: software
normalized: bugs
normalized: still
normalized: find
normalized: their
normalized: way
normalized: into
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: bugs
normalized: are
normalized: such
normalized: inevitablity
normalized: fact
normalized: that
normalized: many
normalized: people
normalized: have
normalized: tried
normalized: estimate
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: bugs
normalized: per
normalized: some
normalized: number
normalized: lines
normalized: code
normalized: loc
normalized: some
normalized: people
normalized: believe
normalized: the
normalized: underlying
normalized: takeaway
normalized: that
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: should
normalized: concise
normalized: complex
normalized: needed
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: have
normalized: fewer
normalized: lines
normalized: code
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: however
normalized: take
normalized: the
normalized: stance
normalized: that
normalized: everyone
normalized: should
normalized: write
normalized: clear
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: should
normalized: avoid
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: overly
normalized: complex
normalized: code
normalized: because
normalized: this
normalized: can
normalized: result
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: extremely
normalized: difficult
normalized: debug
normalized: when
normalized: those
normalized: inevitable
normalized: bugs
normalized: crop
normalized: the
normalized: words
normalized: brian
normalized: kernighan
normalized: above
normalized: ring
normalized: loud
normalized: and
normalized: clear
normalized: this
normalized: topic
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: will
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: couple
normalized: popular
normalized: tools
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: debugging
normalized: programs
normalized: later
normalized: lecture
normalized: will
normalized: focus
normalized: more
normalized: various
normalized: approaches
normalized: testing
normalized: feel
normalized: free
normalized: skip
normalized: these
normalized: notes
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: perfect
normalized: bug
normalized: free
normalized: code
normalized: techniques
normalized: for
normalized: limiting
normalized: those
normalized: pesky
normalized: bugs
normalized: don
normalized: panic
normalized: hitchiker
normalized: guide
normalized: the
normalized: galaxy
normalized: the
normalized: trouble
normalized: with
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: two
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: bugs
normalized: can
normalized: simple
normalized: bad
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: array
normalized: subscript
normalized: errors
normalized: while
normalized: others
normalized: are
normalized: sometime
normalized: difficult
normalized: debug
normalized: the
normalized: systems
normalized: might
normalized: run
normalized: for
normalized: days
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: fail
normalized: because
normalized: slow
normalized: memory
normalized: leak
normalized: numeric
normalized: overflow
normalized: problem
normalized: programmers
normalized: aim
normalized: understand
normalized: the
normalized: nature
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: trying
normalized: swat
normalized: reproducible
normalized: does
normalized: always
normalized: fail
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: set
normalized: conditions
normalized: does
normalized: always
normalized: manifest
normalized: itself
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: way
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: bugs
normalized: are
normalized: particularly
normalized: hard
normalized: find
normalized: like
normalized: heisenbug
normalized: which
normalized: seems
normalized: disappear
normalized: alter
normalized: its
normalized: behavior
normalized: when
normalized: one
normalized: attempts
normalized: study
normalized: example
normalized: heisenbug
normalized: one
normalized: that
normalized: related
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: mix
normalized: processes
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: being
normalized: studied
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: clues
normalized: that
normalized: help
normalized: track
normalized: down
normalized: those
normalized: pesky
normalized: bugs
normalized: complex
normalized: systems
normalized: some
normalized: degree
normalized: being
normalized: good
normalized: debugger
normalized: code
normalized: comes
normalized: with
normalized: experience
normalized: now
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: segfaults
normalized: and
normalized: seeing
normalized: files
normalized: such
normalized: core
normalized: dumps
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: something
normalized: goes
normalized: wrong
normalized: unless
normalized: your
normalized: are
normalized: writing
normalized: compiling
normalized: running
normalized: programs
normalized: the
normalized: machines
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: details
normalized: near
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: about
normalized: accessing
normalized: and
normalized: debugging
normalized: core
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: machines
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: heard
normalized: others
normalized: mention
normalized: tools
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: gnu
normalized: debugger
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: valgrind
normalized: even
normalized: have
normalized: some
normalized: experience
normalized: using
normalized: these
normalized: tools
normalized: yourself
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: invaluable
normalized: aid
normalized: solving
normalized: problems
normalized: through
normalized: set
normalized: examples
normalized: will
normalized: show
normalized: how
normalized: debug
normalized: problems
normalized: systematic
normalized: manner
normalized: but
normalized: first
normalized: let
normalized: discuss
normalized: why
normalized: bugs
normalized: occur
normalized: and
normalized: what
normalized: technques
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: running
normalized: gdb
normalized: help
normalized: the
normalized: complexity
normalized: program
normalized: related
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: interacting
normalized: components
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: interacts
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: external
normalized: libcurl
normalized: library
normalized: there
normalized: line
normalized: thought
normalized: that
normalized: says
normalized: rule
normalized: thumb
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: bugs
normalized: grows
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: interactions
normalized: reducing
normalized: the
normalized: complexity
normalized: and
normalized: interactions
normalized: enables
normalized: focus
normalized: the
normalized: location
normalized: bugs
normalized: code
normalized: gordon
normalized: bell
normalized: summed
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: the
normalized: cheapest
normalized: fastest
normalized: and
normalized: most
normalized: reliable
normalized: components
normalized: computer
normalized: system
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: ones
normalized: that
normalized: aren
normalized: there
normalized: gordon
normalized: bell
normalized: gordon
normalized: point
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: importance
normalized: simple
normalized: design
normalized: cannot
normalized: overemphasized
normalized: debugging
normalized: problems
normalized: ranges
normalized: from
normalized: easy
normalized: moderate
normalized: even
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: way
normalized: through
normalized: downright
normalized: super
normalized: hard
normalized: techniques
normalized: that
normalized: help
normalized: reduce
normalized: degugging
normalized: time
normalized: include
normalized: good
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: design
normalized: methodology
normalized: consistent
normalized: style
normalized: use
normalized: program
normalized: idioms
normalized: much
normalized: possible
normalized: boundary
normalized: condition
normalized: tests
normalized: assertions
normalized: and
normalized: sanity
normalized: testing
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: designing
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: avoid
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: large
normalized: number
normalized: functions
normalized: and
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: large
normalized: number
normalized: lines
normalized: aim
normalized: for
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: one
normalized: thing
normalized: and
normalized: well
normalized: limit
normalized: global
normalized: data
normalized: whenever
normalized: possible
normalized: and
normalized: leverage
normalized: desk
normalized: checking
normalized: tools
normalized: while
normalized: already
normalized: discussed
normalized: some
normalized: these
normalized: topics
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: will
normalized: discuss
normalized: more
normalized: them
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: and
normalized: future
normalized: lectures
normalized: approaches
normalized: debugging
normalized: insanity
normalized: doing
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: thing
normalized: over
normalized: and
normalized: over
normalized: again
normalized: and
normalized: expecting
normalized: different
normalized: results
normalized: unknown
normalized: when
normalized: tracking
normalized: down
normalized: pesky
normalized: bugs
normalized: can
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: steps
normalized: finding
normalized: and
normalized: correcting
normalized: them
normalized: sort
normalized: bug
normalized: lifecycle
normalized: testing
normalized: finding
normalized: out
normalized: what
normalized: bugs
normalized: exist
normalized: have
normalized: already
normalized: designed
normalized: some
normalized: simple
normalized: tests
normalized: for
normalized: programs
normalized: written
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: already
normalized: future
normalized: lecture
normalized: will
normalized: look
normalized: more
normalized: approaches
normalized: testing
normalized: stabilization
normalized: try
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: bugs
normalized: reproducible
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: conditions
normalized: that
normalized: cause
normalized: particular
normalized: bug
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: localization
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: responsible
normalized: repeated
normalized: anywhere
normalized: then
normalized: refactor
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: refactor
normalized: means
normalized: clean
normalized: reorganize
normalized: improve
normalized: readability
normalized: testability
normalized: etc
normalized: all
normalized: without
normalized: changing
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: behavior
normalized: sure
normalized: run
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: before
normalized: and
normalized: after
normalized: refactoring
normalized: ensure
normalized: you
normalized: did
normalized: harm
normalized: correction
normalized: fix
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: verification
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: fix
normalized: and
normalized: confirm
normalized: works
normalized: then
normalized: imagine
normalized: other
normalized: boundary
normalized: case
normalized: examples
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: related
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: that
normalized: caused
normalized: this
normalized: bug
normalized: occur
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: those
normalized: while
normalized: you
normalized: here
normalized: even
normalized: light
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: mentioned
normalized: steps
normalized: finding
normalized: and
normalized: correcting
normalized: bugs
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: ways
normalized: that
normalized: people
normalized: approach
normalized: debugging
normalized: their
normalized: programs
normalized: when
normalized: issues
normalized: arise
normalized: they
normalized: don
normalized: they
normalized: sift
normalized: through
normalized: warning
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: once
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: messages
normalized: are
normalized: gone
normalized: they
normalized: assume
normalized: their
normalized: program
normalized: correct
normalized: they
normalized: use
normalized: printf
normalized: style
normalized: debugging
normalized: use
normalized: printf
normalized: statements
normalized: strategically
normalized: placed
normalized: throughout
normalized: code
normalized: help
normalized: with
normalized: inspection
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: they
normalized: use
normalized: specialized
normalized: debugging
normalized: tools
normalized: programs
normalized: plugins
normalized: integrated
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: favorite
normalized: ide
normalized: commandline
normalized: tools
normalized: like
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: hope
normalized: clear
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: debugging
normalized: bad
normalized: idea
normalized: eliminating
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: warnings
normalized: and
normalized: errors
normalized: good
normalized: idea
normalized: and
normalized: indeed
normalized: required
normalized: when
normalized: submitting
normalized: assignments
normalized: but
normalized: without
normalized: proper
normalized: testing
normalized: there
normalized: guarantee
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: correct
normalized: does
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: think
normalized: should
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: sections
normalized: will
normalized: discuss
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: approaches
normalized: debugging
normalized: code
normalized: inspection
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: people
normalized: rush
normalized: and
normalized: hack
normalized: the
normalized: debug
normalized: phase
normalized: and
normalized: sit
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: hoping
normalized: eventually
normalized: track
normalized: down
normalized: that
normalized: bug
normalized: via
normalized: trial
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: most
normalized: people
normalized: this
normalized: their
normalized: first
normalized: resort
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: this
normalized: approach
normalized: can
normalized: successful
normalized: but
normalized: can
normalized: very
normalized: time
normalized: consuming
normalized: put
normalized: more
normalized: plainly
normalized: will
normalized: take
normalized: longer
normalized: than
normalized: other
normalized: techniques
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: effective
normalized: debug
normalized: tools
normalized: you
normalized: stop
normalized: and
normalized: read
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: pretend
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: with
normalized: pen
normalized: and
normalized: paper
normalized: you
normalized: read
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: keep
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: tips
normalized: mind
normalized: draw
normalized: diagrams
normalized: especially
normalized: for
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: regarding
normalized: for
normalized: while
normalized: loops
normalized: and
normalized: recursion
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: base
normalized: case
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: boundary
normalized: conditions
normalized: and
normalized: work
normalized: inductively
normalized: toward
normalized: the
normalized: general
normalized: case
normalized: errors
normalized: most
normalized: often
normalized: occur
normalized: the
normalized: base
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: boundary
normalized: cases
normalized: code
normalized: inspection
normalized: very
normalized: useful
normalized: good
normalized: programmers
normalized: closely
normalized: trace
normalized: through
normalized: their
normalized: code
normalized: detail
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: boundary
normalized: problems
normalized: code
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: bugs
normalized: exist
normalized: the
normalized: boundaries
normalized: structures
normalized: arrays
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: loops
normalized: and
normalized: most
normalized: all
normalized: data
normalized: many
normalized: difficult
normalized: bugs
normalized: require
normalized: more
normalized: power
normalized: than
normalized: just
normalized: hacking
normalized: and
normalized: hoping
normalized: once
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: read
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: convinced
normalized: yourself
normalized: works
normalized: then
normalized: bugs
normalized: remain
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: instrument
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: start
normalized: the
normalized: detective
normalized: work
normalized: sometimes
normalized: while
normalized: debugging
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: discover
normalized: other
normalized: unrelated
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: haven
normalized: yet
normalized: manifested
normalized: themselves
normalized: fix
normalized: them
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: don
normalized: live
normalized: with
normalized: broken
normalized: windows
normalized: fix
normalized: bad
normalized: designs
normalized: wrong
normalized: decisions
normalized: and
normalized: poor
normalized: code
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: them
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: fix
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: blame
normalized: doesn
normalized: really
normalized: matter
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: your
normalized: fault
normalized: someone
normalized: else
normalized: still
normalized: your
normalized: problem
normalized: and
normalized: still
normalized: needs
normalized: fixed
normalized: the
normalized: printf
normalized: approach
normalized: debugging
normalized: all
normalized: need
normalized: printf
normalized: right
normalized: until
normalized: now
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: using
normalized: mostly
normalized: printf
normalized: its
normalized: variants
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: debug
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: only
normalized: get
normalized: you
normalized: far
normalized: many
normalized: different
normalized: types
normalized: errors
normalized: bugs
normalized: can
normalized: exist
normalized: software
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: bug
normalized: free
normalized: code
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: performance
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: abysmal
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: performance
normalized: errors
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: could
normalized: the
normalized: choice
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: too
normalized: slow
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: awful
normalized: perhaps
normalized: the
normalized: algorithms
normalized: are
normalized: bad
normalized: match
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: hardware
normalized: particular
normalized: set
normalized: input
normalized: data
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: you
normalized: code
normalized: looks
normalized: error
normalized: free
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: little
normalized: help
normalized: from
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: these
normalized: worse
normalized: the
normalized: underlying
normalized: bug
normalized: may
normalized: even
normalized: interfere
normalized: with
normalized: printf
normalized: limited
normalized: contribution
normalized: your
normalized: efforts
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: segfault
normalized: that
normalized: occurs
normalized: after
normalized: your
normalized: printf
normalized: executed
normalized: but
normalized: its
normalized: string
normalized: never
normalized: gets
normalized: displayed
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: seg
normalized: faults
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: think
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: occurs
normalized: before
normalized: your
normalized: printf
normalized: when
normalized: really
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: happens
normalized: much
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: takeaway
normalized: here
normalized: that
normalized: printf
normalized: not
normalized: your
normalized: friend
normalized: these
normalized: examples
normalized: rather
normalized: red
normalized: herring
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: your
normalized: system
normalized: runs
normalized: for
normalized: hours
normalized: and
normalized: only
normalized: under
normalized: certain
normalized: set
normalized: system
normalized: conditions
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: fails
normalized: working
normalized: your
normalized: way
normalized: through
normalized: printf
normalized: statements
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: help
normalized: when
normalized: bug
normalized: buried
normalized: deep
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: your
normalized: software
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: sophisticated
normalized: tools
normalized: track
normalized: those
normalized: down
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: printf
normalized: attack
normalized: these
normalized: bugs
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: talks
normalized: about
normalized: tools
normalized: help
normalized: with
normalized: performance
normalized: issues
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: and
normalized: difficult
normalized: bugs
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: thing
normalized: about
normalized: using
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: debugging
normalized: just
normalized: because
normalized: stdout
normalized: shows
normalized: some
normalized: your
normalized: printf
normalized: were
normalized: executed
normalized: doesn
normalized: always
normalized: mean
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: message
normalized: written
normalized: stdout
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: printf
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: had
normalized: problem
normalized: unix
normalized: output
normalized: often
normalized: lazy
normalized: meaning
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: will
normalized: eventually
normalized: send
normalized: the
normalized: message
normalized: stdout
normalized: but
normalized: only
normalized: when
normalized: ready
normalized: some
normalized: minimum
normalized: number
normalized: characters
normalized: print
normalized: make
normalized: worthwhile
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: doing
normalized: output
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: process
normalized: well
normalized: others
normalized: etc
normalized: this
normalized: may
normalized: seem
normalized: unimportant
normalized: but
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: may
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: following
normalized: the
normalized: printf
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: appears
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: using
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: debugging
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: follow
normalized: with
normalized: fflush
normalized: stdout
normalized: which
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: print
normalized: now
normalized: before
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: continues
normalized: some
normalized: will
normalized: define
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: macro
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: debugmacros
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: directory
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: include
normalized: stdlib
normalized: define
normalized: debugmsg
normalized: printf
normalized: debug
normalized: fflush
normalized: stdout
normalized: gcc
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: modern
normalized: compilers
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: define
normalized: the
normalized: macro
normalized: use
normalized: variable
normalized: number
normalized: arguments
normalized: define
normalized: eprintf
normalized: fprintf
normalized: stderr
normalized: args
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: debugmsg
normalized: entered
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: float
normalized: eprintf
normalized: badness
normalized: abounds
normalized: eprintf
normalized: say
normalized: something
normalized: else
normalized: eprintf
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: bit
normalized: more
normalized: printf
normalized: bye
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: gnu
normalized: debugger
normalized: gdb
normalized: get
normalized: started
normalized: type
normalized: man
normalized: gdb
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: also
normalized: has
normalized: good
normalized: information
normalized: gdb
normalized: for
normalized: detailed
normalized: article
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: manual
normalized: should
normalized: surprise
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: emacs
normalized: editor
normalized: also
normalized: supports
normalized: gdb
normalized: see
normalized: introduction
normalized: using
normalized: gdb
normalized: under
normalized: emacs
normalized: when
normalized: learning
normalized: new
normalized: tool
normalized: such
normalized: gdb
normalized: can
normalized: quite
normalized: helpful
normalized: keep
normalized: good
normalized: gdb
normalized: quick
normalized: reference
normalized: card
normalized: handy
normalized: all
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: know
normalized: terms
normalized: command
normalized: syntax
normalized: here
normalized: note
normalized: before
normalized: get
normalized: started
normalized: using
normalized: gdb
normalized: ensure
normalized: your
normalized: mygcc
normalized: alias
normalized: has
normalized: the
normalized: ggdb
normalized: flag
normalized: our
normalized: standard
normalized: bashrc
normalized: file
normalized: defines
normalized: mygcc
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: flag
normalized: this
normalized: flag
normalized: ensures
normalized: that
normalized: useful
normalized: metadata
normalized: packaged
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: executable
normalized: compile
normalized: time
normalized: that
normalized: gdb
normalized: needs
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: debug
normalized: your
normalized: programs
normalized: alias
normalized: mygcc
normalized: alias
normalized: mygcc
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: note
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: curious
normalized: student
normalized: also
normalized: worth
normalized: noting
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: gdb
normalized: debug
normalized: programs
normalized: written
normalized: not
normalized: only
normalized: but
normalized: also
normalized: fortran
normalized: and
normalized: modula
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: debugger
normalized: invoked
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: command
normalized: gdb
normalized: then
normalized: prints
normalized: its
normalized: own
normalized: prompt
normalized: and
normalized: accepts
normalized: its
normalized: own
normalized: wide
normalized: range
normalized: commands
normalized: once
normalized: started
normalized: reads
normalized: commands
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: until
normalized: you
normalized: tell
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: command
normalized: quit
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: get
normalized: online
normalized: help
normalized: from
normalized: gdb
normalized: itself
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: help
normalized: gdb
normalized: gnu
normalized: gdb
normalized: gdb
normalized: fedora
normalized: copyright
normalized: free
normalized: software
normalized: foundation
normalized: inc
normalized: license
normalized: gplv
normalized: gnu
normalized: gpl
normalized: version
normalized: later
normalized: http
normalized: gnu
normalized: org
normalized: licenses
normalized: gpl
normalized: html
normalized: this
normalized: free
normalized: software
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: free
normalized: change
normalized: and
normalized: redistribute
normalized: there
normalized: warranty
normalized: the
normalized: extent
normalized: permitted
normalized: law
normalized: type
normalized: show
normalized: copying
normalized: and
normalized: show
normalized: warranty
normalized: for
normalized: details
normalized: this
normalized: gdb
normalized: was
normalized: configured
normalized: redhat
normalized: linux
normalized: gnu
normalized: type
normalized: show
normalized: configuration
normalized: for
normalized: configuration
normalized: details
normalized: for
normalized: bug
normalized: reporting
normalized: instructions
normalized: please
normalized: see
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: gnu
normalized: org
normalized: software
normalized: gdb
normalized: bugs
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: manual
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: documentation
normalized: resources
normalized: online
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: gnu
normalized: org
normalized: software
normalized: gdb
normalized: documentation
normalized: for
normalized: help
normalized: type
normalized: help
normalized: type
normalized: apropos
normalized: word
normalized: search
normalized: for
normalized: commands
normalized: related
normalized: word
normalized: gdb
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: run
normalized: gdb
normalized: with
normalized: arguments
normalized: options
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: usual
normalized: way
normalized: start
normalized: gdb
normalized: with
normalized: one
normalized: argument
normalized: specifying
normalized: executable
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: argument
normalized: gdb
normalized: program
normalized: gdb
normalized: demo
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: examples
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: lot
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: gdb
normalized: commands
normalized: break
normalized: run
normalized: next
normalized: step
normalized: continue
normalized: display
normalized: printf
normalized: examine
normalized: memory
normalized: backtrace
normalized: for
normalized: short
normalized: and
normalized: frame
normalized: checkout
normalized: stack
normalized: frames
normalized: this
normalized: important
normalized: concept
normalized: and
normalized: very
normalized: useful
normalized: for
normalized: debugging
normalized: and
normalized: poking
normalized: around
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: looking
normalized: variables
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: commands
normalized: strongly
normalized: recommend
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: sequence
normalized: steps
normalized: below
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: debugging
normalized: commands
normalized: don
normalized: worry
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: break
normalized: anything
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: only
normalized: need
normalized: subset
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: complete
normalized: set
normalized: gdb
normalized: commands
normalized: become
normalized: very
normalized: effective
normalized: debugger
normalized: again
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: novices
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: hacker
normalized: parlance
normalized: the
normalized: necessary
normalized: tools
normalized: your
normalized: toolkit
normalized: gdb
normalized: let
normalized: start
normalized: ing
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: where
normalized: have
normalized: some
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: want
normalized: debug
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: purpose
normalized: this
normalized: demo
normalized: will
normalized: using
normalized: new
normalized: password
normalized: program
normalized: live
normalized: password
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: simple
normalized: password
normalized: simulates
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: prompts
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: enter
normalized: their
normalized: password
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: guess
normalized: matches
normalized: the
normalized: password
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: authenticated
normalized: they
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: nice
normalized: success
normalized: message
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: fails
normalized: enter
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: password
normalized: they
normalized: will
normalized: prompted
normalized: again
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: only
normalized: allowed
normalized: guesses
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: terminates
normalized: tried
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: once
normalized: where
normalized: entered
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: password
normalized: which
normalized: currently
normalized: hardcoded
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: successfully
normalized: authenticated
normalized: also
normalized: tried
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: some
normalized: reasonable
normalized: guess
normalized: passwords
normalized: and
normalized: wasn
normalized: able
normalized: authenticate
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: success
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: password
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: password
normalized: passwd
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: you
normalized: exceeded
normalized: the
normalized: max
normalized: number
normalized: attempts
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: later
normalized: good
normalized: right
normalized: well
normalized: except
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: weird
normalized: thing
normalized: encountered
normalized: thought
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: few
normalized: more
normalized: passwords
normalized: that
normalized: that
normalized: thought
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: password
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: password
normalized: abcdefghijklmn
normalized: success
normalized: what
normalized: success
normalized: really
normalized: let
normalized: poke
normalized: this
normalized: little
normalized: more
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: core
normalized: dumped
normalized: the
normalized: dreaded
normalized: segfault
normalized: need
normalized: investigate
normalized: more
normalized: clearly
normalized: something
normalized: funny
normalized: happens
normalized: when
normalized: start
normalized: entering
normalized: long
normalized: passwords
normalized: that
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: really
normalized: doesn
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: alphabet
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: weird
normalized: behavior
normalized: noticing
normalized: seems
normalized: related
normalized: reading
normalized: checking
normalized: passwords
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: entered
normalized: start
normalized: investigation
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: there
normalized: let
normalized: try
normalized: running
normalized: our
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: cool
normalized: debugging
normalized: tool
normalized: gdb
normalized: when
normalized: gdb
normalized: starts
normalized: prints
normalized: out
normalized: bunch
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: its
normalized: version
normalized: and
normalized: license
normalized: then
normalized: drops
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: shell
normalized: gdb
normalized: password
normalized: gnu
normalized: gdb
normalized: gdb
normalized: fedora
normalized: copyright
normalized: free
normalized: software
normalized: foundation
normalized: inc
normalized: snipped
normalized: reading
normalized: symbols
normalized: from
normalized: password
normalized: done
normalized: gdb
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: powerful
normalized: features
normalized: that
normalized: debugger
normalized: offers
normalized: the
normalized: ability
normalized: set
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: when
normalized: run
normalized: our
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: debugger
normalized: encounters
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: that
normalized: previously
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: stops
normalized: that
normalized: point
normalized: let
normalized: set
normalized: few
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: gdb
normalized: break
normalized: main
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: file
normalized: password
normalized: line
normalized: gdb
normalized: break
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: file
normalized: password
normalized: line
normalized: gdb
normalized: break
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: file
normalized: password
normalized: line
normalized: gdb
normalized: info
normalized: break
normalized: num
normalized: type
normalized: disp
normalized: enb
normalized: address
normalized: what
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: keep
normalized: main
normalized: password
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: keep
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: keep
normalized: main
normalized: password
normalized: hopefully
normalized: you
normalized: caught
normalized: that
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: set
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: identifying
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: function
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: specifying
normalized: particular
normalized: line
normalized: our
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: line
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: other
normalized: identifiers
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: enable
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: memory
normalized: address
normalized: but
normalized: will
normalized: leave
normalized: you
normalized: explore
normalized: those
normalized: later
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: debugging
normalized: programs
normalized: with
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: set
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: different
normalized: files
normalized: specifying
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: well
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: name
normalized: line
normalized: code
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: like
normalized: enable
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: again
normalized: will
normalized: get
normalized: familiar
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: basics
normalized: here
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: explore
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: cool
normalized: gdb
normalized: features
normalized: later
normalized: anytime
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: you
normalized: currently
normalized: created
normalized: run
normalized: info
normalized: break
normalized: shown
normalized: above
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: clear
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: clear
normalized: clear
normalized: specific
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: clear
normalized: function
normalized: clear
normalized: line
normalized: even
normalized: enable
normalized: disable
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: leave
normalized: them
normalized: place
normalized: but
normalized: control
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: cause
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: stop
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: encountered
normalized: let
normalized: disable
normalized: all
normalized: our
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: except
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: function
normalized: gdb
normalized: disable
normalized: gdb
normalized: info
normalized: break
normalized: num
normalized: type
normalized: disp
normalized: enb
normalized: address
normalized: what
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: keep
normalized: main
normalized: password
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: keep
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: keep
normalized: main
normalized: password
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: started
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: told
normalized: about
normalized: some
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: want
normalized: set
normalized: but
normalized: haven
normalized: actually
normalized: started
normalized: running
normalized: our
normalized: program
normalized: let
normalized: run
normalized: our
normalized: program
normalized: now
normalized: gdb
normalized: run
normalized: starting
normalized: program
normalized: net
normalized: grad
normalized: traviswp
normalized: live
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: int
normalized: authenticated
normalized: flag
normalized: that
normalized: determines
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: successfully
normalized: authenticated
normalized: just
normalized: hoped
normalized: expected
normalized: the
normalized: debugger
normalized: started
normalized: our
normalized: program
normalized: running
normalized: but
normalized: paused
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: soon
normalized: hit
normalized: the
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: that
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: function
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: has
normalized: stopped
normalized: can
normalized: poke
normalized: around
normalized: bit
normalized: now
normalized: let
normalized: step
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: code
normalized: time
normalized: gdb
normalized: step
normalized: printf
normalized: password
normalized: gdb
normalized: step
normalized: printf
normalized: format
normalized: password
normalized: printf
normalized: gdb
normalized: step
normalized: start
normalized: arg
normalized: format
normalized: oops
normalized: stepping
normalized: line
normalized: line
normalized: nice
normalized: but
normalized: gdb
normalized: step
normalized: command
normalized: allowed
normalized: walk
normalized: right
normalized: down
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: icky
normalized: details
normalized: printf
normalized: this
normalized: pretty
normalized: cool
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: step
normalized: into
normalized: functions
normalized: but
normalized: printf
normalized: does
normalized: lot
normalized: work
normalized: that
normalized: aren
normalized: interested
normalized: right
normalized: now
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: yourself
normalized: deep
normalized: down
normalized: some
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: accidentally
normalized: stepped
normalized: into
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: finish
normalized: command
normalized: start
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: running
normalized: again
normalized: until
normalized: just
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: returns
normalized: gdb
normalized: finish
normalized: run
normalized: till
normalized: exit
normalized: from
normalized: printf
normalized: format
normalized: password
normalized: printf
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: fgets
normalized: guess
normalized: stdin
normalized: null
normalized: value
normalized: returned
normalized: now
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: back
normalized: our
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: function
normalized: can
normalized: proceed
normalized: avoid
normalized: stepping
normalized: into
normalized: functions
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: alternative
normalized: gdb
normalized: command
normalized: called
normalized: next
normalized: which
normalized: similar
normalized: step
normalized: that
normalized: executes
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: pauses
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: line
normalized: code
normalized: however
normalized: next
normalized: will
normalized: step
normalized: over
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: don
normalized: end
normalized: deep
normalized: down
normalized: some
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: isn
normalized: relevant
normalized: deep
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: printf
normalized: let
normalized: try
normalized: that
normalized: now
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: strlen
normalized: guess
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: guess
normalized: strlen
normalized: guess
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: guess
normalized: strlen
normalized: guess
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: strcmp
normalized: password
normalized: guess
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: return
normalized: authenticated
normalized: when
normalized: were
normalized: using
normalized: next
normalized: above
normalized: finally
normalized: got
normalized: the
normalized: prompt
normalized: enter
normalized: password
normalized: decided
normalized: try
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: popular
normalized: passwords
normalized: out
normalized: there
normalized: password
normalized: before
normalized: any
normalized: further
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: print
normalized: command
normalized: display
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: some
normalized: expression
normalized: variable
normalized: name
normalized: gdb
normalized: print
normalized: authenticated
normalized: gdb
normalized: print
normalized: guess
normalized: password
normalized: can
normalized: even
normalized: evaluate
normalized: code
normalized: gdb
normalized: print
normalized: strlen
normalized: guess
normalized: use
normalized: address
normalized: operator
normalized: learn
normalized: about
normalized: where
normalized: some
normalized: our
normalized: variables
normalized: live
normalized: memory
normalized: keep
normalized: mind
normalized: that
normalized: these
normalized: variables
normalized: live
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: that
normalized: only
normalized: exist
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: function
normalized: gdb
normalized: print
normalized: amp
normalized: authenticated
normalized: int
normalized: fffffffdf
normalized: gdb
normalized: print
normalized: amp
normalized: guess
normalized: char
normalized: fffffffdf
normalized: pretty
normalized: cool
normalized: right
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: gdb
normalized: nice
normalized: enough
normalized: also
normalized: give
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: looking
normalized: let
normalized: run
normalized: next
normalized: until
normalized: are
normalized: done
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: once
normalized: return
normalized: from
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: are
normalized: returned
normalized: main
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: just
normalized: after
normalized: where
normalized: called
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: kind
normalized: forget
normalized: where
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: going
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: command
normalized: dump
normalized: out
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: around
normalized: where
normalized: currently
normalized: stopped
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: execution
normalized: default
normalized: list
normalized: will
normalized: show
normalized: lines
normalized: code
normalized: where
normalized: our
normalized: current
normalized: line
normalized: centered
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: main
normalized: argc
normalized: argv
normalized: fffffffe
normalized: password
normalized: guesses
normalized: gdb
normalized: list
normalized: get
normalized: password
normalized: and
normalized: check
normalized: user
normalized: authenticated
normalized: int
normalized: result
normalized: while
normalized: guesses
normalized: max
normalized: num
normalized: guesses
normalized: result
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: guesses
normalized: result
normalized: break
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: result
normalized: guesses
normalized: back
normalized: stepping
normalized: and
normalized: checking
normalized: some
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: trying
normalized: another
normalized: password
normalized: gdb
normalized: step
normalized: result
normalized: gdb
normalized: step
normalized: printf
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: result
normalized: guesses
normalized: gdb
normalized: step
normalized: printf
normalized: format
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: printf
normalized: gdb
normalized: finish
normalized: run
normalized: till
normalized: exit
normalized: from
normalized: printf
normalized: format
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: printf
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: main
normalized: argc
normalized: argv
normalized: fffffffe
normalized: password
normalized: while
normalized: guesses
normalized: max
normalized: num
normalized: guesses
normalized: value
normalized: returned
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: result
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: int
normalized: authenticated
normalized: flag
normalized: that
normalized: determines
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: successfully
normalized: authenticated
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: printf
normalized: password
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: fgets
normalized: guess
normalized: stdin
normalized: null
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: strlen
normalized: guess
normalized: gdb
normalized: print
normalized: guess
normalized: password
normalized: gdb
normalized: print
normalized: authenticated
normalized: getting
normalized: tired
normalized: stepping
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: stepping
normalized: line
normalized: line
normalized: want
normalized: start
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: running
normalized: again
normalized: least
normalized: until
normalized: hits
normalized: the
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: again
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: speed
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: getting
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: where
normalized: can
normalized: enter
normalized: password
normalized: and
normalized: verify
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: this
normalized: can
normalized: simply
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: continue
normalized: command
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: continue
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: until
normalized: stopped
normalized: again
normalized: for
normalized: some
normalized: reason
normalized: gdb
normalized: continue
normalized: continuing
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: check
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: int
normalized: authenticated
normalized: flag
normalized: that
normalized: determines
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: successfully
normalized: authenticated
normalized: gdb
normalized: next
normalized: printf
normalized: password
normalized: gdb
normalized: fgets
normalized: guess
normalized: stdin
normalized: null
normalized: gdb
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: strlen
normalized: guess
normalized: gdb
normalized: continuing
normalized: incorrect
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: attempt
normalized: you
normalized: exceeded
normalized: the
normalized: max
normalized: number
normalized: attempts
normalized: try
normalized: again
normalized: later
normalized: inferior
normalized: process
normalized: exited
normalized: with
normalized: code
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: got
normalized: booted
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: because
normalized: exceeded
normalized: the
normalized: maximum
normalized: number
normalized: attempts
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: allow
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: seen
normalized: some
normalized: useful
normalized: gdb
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: now
normalized: equipped
normalized: some
normalized: debugging
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: keep
normalized: poking
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: that
normalized: allows
normalized: people
normalized: authenticate
normalized: cases
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: really
normalized: shouldn
normalized: allowed
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: push
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: direction
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: this
normalized: hint
normalized: you
normalized: really
normalized: can
normalized: figure
normalized: out
normalized: after
normalized: trying
normalized: use
normalized: gdb
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: brief
normalized: discussion
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: solution
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: only
normalized: this
normalized: you
normalized: really
normalized: given
normalized: the
normalized: college
normalized: try
normalized: though
normalized: couple
normalized: cool
normalized: things
normalized: note
normalized: about
normalized: gdb
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: everytime
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: shell
normalized: that
normalized: successful
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: value
normalized: stored
normalized: variable
normalized: denoted
normalized: where
normalized: increments
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: command
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: those
normalized: variables
normalized: later
normalized: point
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: print
normalized: gdb
normalized: supports
normalized: auto
normalized: completion
normalized: function
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: ahead
normalized: and
normalized: try
normalized: out
normalized: also
normalized: similar
normalized: the
normalized: regular
normalized: shell
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: shell
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: arrow
normalized: down
normalized: revisit
normalized: past
normalized: commands
normalized: many
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: commands
normalized: have
normalized: abbreviated
normalized: forms
normalized: run
normalized: continue
normalized: next
normalized: backtrace
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: gdb
normalized: quick
normalized: reference
normalized: guide
normalized: see
normalized: other
normalized: commands
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: abbreviated
normalized: forms
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: actually
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: previous
normalized: command
normalized: simply
normalized: hitting
normalized: enter
normalized: frequently
normalized: used
normalized: gdb
normalized: commands
normalized: below
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: more
normalized: common
normalized: gdb
normalized: commands
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: see
normalized: also
normalized: this
normalized: printable
normalized: gdb
normalized: quick
normalized: reference
normalized: guide
normalized: command
normalized: purpose
normalized: run
normalized: arglist
normalized: start
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: arglist
normalized: specified
normalized: break
normalized: file
normalized: function
normalized: set
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: function
normalized: file
normalized: list
normalized: file
normalized: function
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: vicinity
normalized: where
normalized: presently
normalized: stopped
normalized: backtrace
normalized: backtrace
normalized: display
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: args
normalized: the
normalized: frame
normalized: command
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: move
normalized: from
normalized: one
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: another
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: you
normalized: select
normalized: args
normalized: may
normalized: either
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: frame
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: number
normalized: without
normalized: argument
normalized: frame
normalized: prints
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: stack
normalized: frame
normalized: print
normalized: expr
normalized: display
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: expression
normalized: continue
normalized: continue
normalized: running
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: after
normalized: stopping
normalized: breakpoint
normalized: next
normalized: execute
normalized: next
normalized: program
normalized: line
normalized: after
normalized: stopping
normalized: step
normalized: over
normalized: any
normalized: function
normalized: calls
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: step
normalized: execute
normalized: next
normalized: program
normalized: line
normalized: after
normalized: stopping
normalized: step
normalized: into
normalized: any
normalized: function
normalized: calls
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: help
normalized: name
normalized: show
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: gdb
normalized: command
normalized: name
normalized: general
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: using
normalized: gdb
normalized: quit
normalized: exit
normalized: from
normalized: gdb
normalized: valgrind
normalized: memory
normalized: management
normalized: profiling
normalized: tool
normalized: the
normalized: valgrind
normalized: tool
normalized: excellent
normalized: for
normalized: finding
normalized: number
normalized: problems
normalized: specifically
normalized: issues
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: involve
normalized: illegal
normalized: memory
normalized: access
normalized: and
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: sure
normalized: read
normalized: this
normalized: excellent
normalized: brief
normalized: tutorial
normalized: from
normalized: stanford
normalized: class
normalized: guide
normalized: valgrind
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: notes
normalized: below
normalized: are
normalized: adapted
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: guide
normalized: running
normalized: program
normalized: under
normalized: valgrind
normalized: results
normalized: extensive
normalized: checking
normalized: memory
normalized: allocations
normalized: and
normalized: accesses
normalized: and
normalized: provides
normalized: report
normalized: with
normalized: detailed
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: context
normalized: and
normalized: circumstances
normalized: each
normalized: error
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: report
normalized: can
normalized: quite
normalized: verbose
normalized: and
normalized: little
normalized: difficult
normalized: use
normalized: improve
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: usage
normalized: memory
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: know
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: looking
normalized: for
normalized: therefore
normalized: one
normalized: our
normalized: objectives
normalized: here
normalized: look
normalized: couple
normalized: examples
normalized: and
normalized: start
normalized: get
normalized: handle
normalized: how
normalized: read
normalized: and
normalized: interpret
normalized: valgrind
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: programmer
normalized: clean
normalized: report
normalized: from
normalized: valgrind
normalized: that
normalized: indicates
normalized: errors
normalized: and
normalized: leaks
normalized: far
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: concerned
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: valgrind
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: two
normalized: general
normalized: types
normalized: feedback
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: get
normalized: regarding
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: usage
normalized: memory
normalized: will
normalized: look
normalized: these
normalized: next
normalized: memory
normalized: errors
normalized: the
normalized: really
normalized: obvious
normalized: and
normalized: bad
normalized: memory
normalized: errors
normalized: will
normalized: crash
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: outright
normalized: accessing
normalized: memory
normalized: that
normalized: outside
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: allocated
normalized: memory
normalized: the
normalized: not
normalized: obvious
normalized: memory
normalized: related
normalized: errors
normalized: may
normalized: get
normalized: lucky
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: touch
normalized: valid
normalized: memory
normalized: but
normalized: every
normalized: once
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: luck
normalized: runs
normalized: out
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: somewhat
normalized: mysteriously
normalized: fails
normalized: running
normalized: valgrind
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: can
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: insightful
normalized: information
normalized: both
normalized: these
normalized: sorts
normalized: errors
normalized: when
normalized: error
normalized: detected
normalized: valgrind
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: see
normalized: some
normalized: output
normalized: that
normalized: includes
normalized: some
normalized: sort
normalized: error
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: offending
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: little
normalized: bit
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: actual
normalized: memory
normalized: and
normalized: what
normalized: may
normalized: going
normalized: wrong
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: few
normalized: different
normalized: types
normalized: memory
normalized: errors
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: see
normalized: such
normalized: invalid
normalized: read
normalized: write
normalized: size
normalized: use
normalized: uninitialized
normalized: value
normalized: conditional
normalized: jump
normalized: move
normalized: depends
normalized: unitialized
normalized: value
normalized: source
normalized: and
normalized: destination
normalized: overlap
normalized: memcpy
normalized: invalid
normalized: free
normalized: etc
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: allocate
normalized: memory
normalized: malloc
normalized: but
normalized: fail
normalized: properly
normalized: free
normalized: that
normalized: memory
normalized: when
normalized: longer
normalized: needed
normalized: this
normalized: leads
normalized: what
normalized: known
normalized: memory
normalized: leak
normalized: seen
normalized: class
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: small
normalized: short
normalized: lived
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: exit
normalized: fairly
normalized: quickly
normalized: don
normalized: cause
normalized: any
normalized: noticable
normalized: issues
normalized: larger
normalized: projects
normalized: that
normalized: operate
normalized: lots
normalized: data
normalized: and
normalized: those
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: intended
normalized: run
normalized: for
normalized: long
normalized: time
normalized: webservers
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: can
normalized: add
normalized: quickly
normalized: and
normalized: cause
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: fail
normalized: valgrind
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: check
normalized: your
normalized: programs
normalized: prog
normalized: for
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: and
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: feedback
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: specify
normalized: some
normalized: additional
normalized: flags
normalized: valgrind
normalized: leak
normalized: check
normalized: full
normalized: show
normalized: leak
normalized: kinds
normalized: all
normalized: prog
normalized: args
normalized: for
normalized: convenience
normalized: actually
normalized: defined
normalized: nice
normalized: myvalgrind
normalized: alias
normalized: the
normalized: bashrc
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: just
normalized: this
normalized: reason
normalized: alias
normalized: myvalgrind
normalized: thus
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: simply
normalized: run
normalized: myvalgrind
normalized: prog
normalized: args
normalized: the
normalized: easiest
normalized: way
normalized: determine
normalized: there
normalized: some
normalized: sort
normalized: memory
normalized: leak
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: alloc
normalized: free
normalized: counts
normalized: generated
normalized: the
normalized: valgrind
normalized: output
normalized: ideally
normalized: the
normalized: counts
normalized: should
normalized: match
normalized: they
normalized: don
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: leak
normalized: summary
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: report
normalized: well
normalized: little
normalized: bit
normalized: information
normalized: from
normalized: valgrind
normalized: regarding
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: detected
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: bytes
normalized: were
normalized: leaked
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: allocation
normalized: happened
normalized: when
normalized: profiling
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: valgrind
normalized: will
normalized: attempt
normalized: categorize
normalized: any
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: into
normalized: one
normalized: four
normalized: categories
normalized: definitely
normalized: lost
normalized: memory
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: allocated
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: properly
normalized: freed
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: longer
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: indirectly
normalized: lost
normalized: memory
normalized: allocated
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: indirectly
normalized: lost
normalized: due
normalized: losing
normalized: pointer
normalized: that
normalized: provided
normalized: access
normalized: other
normalized: heap
normalized: allocated
normalized: memory
normalized: possibly
normalized: lost
normalized: memory
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: allocated
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: properly
normalized: freed
normalized: valgrind
normalized: can
normalized: determine
normalized: whether
normalized: not
normalized: there
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: still
normalized: reachable
normalized: memory
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: allocated
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: heap
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: properly
normalized: freed
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: still
normalized: retains
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: some
normalized: way
normalized: regardless
normalized: the
normalized: category
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: considered
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: and
normalized: should
normalized: fixed
normalized: valgrind
normalized: demos
normalized: class
normalized: looked
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: more
normalized: recent
normalized: versions
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: names
normalized: running
normalized: valgrind
normalized: itself
normalized: does
normalized: good
normalized: job
normalized: identifying
normalized: various
normalized: types
normalized: memory
normalized: errors
normalized: see
normalized: above
normalized: want
normalized: however
normalized: also
normalized: get
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: our
normalized: programs
normalized: need
normalized: run
normalized: valgrind
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: flags
normalized: mentioned
normalized: above
normalized: here
normalized: snippet
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: that
normalized: saw
normalized: when
normalized: running
normalized: valgrind
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: myvalgrind
normalized: names
normalized: memcheck
normalized: memory
normalized: error
normalized: detector
normalized: copyright
normalized: and
normalized: gnu
normalized: gpl
normalized: julian
normalized: seward
normalized: using
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: libvex
normalized: rerun
normalized: with
normalized: for
normalized: copyright
normalized: info
normalized: command
normalized: names
normalized: joe
normalized: bill
normalized: travis
normalized: mary
normalized: names
normalized: mary
normalized: travis
normalized: bill
normalized: joe
normalized: heap
normalized: summary
normalized: use
normalized: exit
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: total
normalized: heap
normalized: usage
normalized: allocs
normalized: frees
normalized: bytes
normalized: allocated
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: are
normalized: indirectly
normalized: lost
normalized: loss
normalized: record
normalized: bbad
normalized: malloc
normalized: replace
normalized: malloc
normalized: bagnode
normalized: new
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: insert
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: main
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: are
normalized: indirectly
normalized: lost
normalized: loss
normalized: record
normalized: calloc
normalized: replace
normalized: malloc
normalized: freadlinep
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: main
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: direct
normalized: indirect
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: are
normalized: definitely
normalized: lost
normalized: loss
normalized: record
normalized: bbad
normalized: malloc
normalized: replace
normalized: malloc
normalized: bag
normalized: new
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: main
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: leak
normalized: summary
normalized: definitely
normalized: lost
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: indirectly
normalized: lost
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: possibly
normalized: lost
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: still
normalized: reachable
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: suppressed
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: for
normalized: counts
normalized: detected
normalized: and
normalized: suppressed
normalized: errors
normalized: rerun
normalized: with
normalized: error
normalized: summary
normalized: errors
normalized: from
normalized: contexts
normalized: suppressed
normalized: from
normalized: there
normalized: can
normalized: lot
normalized: output
normalized: but
normalized: know
normalized: from
normalized: all
normalized: our
normalized: experience
normalized: debuggers
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: begin
normalized: fixing
normalized: errors
normalized: starting
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: one
normalized: reported
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: place
normalized: start
normalized: and
normalized: many
normalized: cases
normalized: will
normalized: fix
normalized: lot
normalized: the
normalized: subsequent
normalized: messages
normalized: well
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: bit
normalized: feedback
normalized: that
normalized: valgrind
normalized: gave
normalized: says
normalized: that
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: are
normalized: indirectly
normalized: lost
normalized: which
normalized: routines
normalized: are
normalized: identified
normalized: possible
normalized: sources
normalized: memory
normalized: leakage
normalized: which
normalized: these
normalized: routines
normalized: actually
normalized: allocate
normalized: memory
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: apparently
normalized: leaked
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: this
normalized: fixed
normalized: hint
normalized: there
normalized: exists
normalized: comment
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: identifies
normalized: where
normalized: were
normalized: bit
normalized: lazy
normalized: what
normalized: needs
normalized: done
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: less
normalized: lazy
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: fix
normalized: place
normalized: let
normalized: run
normalized: valgrind
normalized: myvalgrind
normalized: names
normalized: memcheck
normalized: memory
normalized: error
normalized: detector
normalized: copyright
normalized: and
normalized: gnu
normalized: gpl
normalized: julian
normalized: seward
normalized: using
normalized: valgrind
normalized: and
normalized: libvex
normalized: rerun
normalized: with
normalized: for
normalized: copyright
normalized: info
normalized: command
normalized: names
normalized: joe
normalized: bill
normalized: travis
normalized: mary
normalized: names
normalized: mary
normalized: travis
normalized: bill
normalized: joe
normalized: heap
normalized: summary
normalized: use
normalized: exit
normalized: bytes
normalized: blocks
normalized: total
normalized: heap
normalized: usage
normalized: allocs
normalized: frees
normalized: bytes
normalized: allocated
normalized: all
normalized: heap
normalized: blocks
normalized: were
normalized: freed
normalized: leaks
normalized: are
normalized: possible
normalized: for
normalized: counts
normalized: detected
normalized: and
normalized: suppressed
normalized: errors
normalized: rerun
normalized: with
normalized: error
normalized: summary
normalized: errors
normalized: from
normalized: contexts
normalized: suppressed
normalized: from
normalized: look
normalized: that
normalized: more
normalized: errors
normalized: activity
normalized: try
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: are
normalized: tools
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: choose
normalized: use
normalized: not
normalized: though
normalized: your
normalized: grader
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: use
normalized: both
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: correctness
normalized: your
normalized: programs
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: too
normalized: reading
normalized: about
normalized: great
normalized: tools
normalized: one
normalized: thing
normalized: but
normalized: really
normalized: learning
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: tool
normalized: comes
normalized: from
normalized: using
normalized: tool
normalized: below
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: instructions
normalized: get
normalized: you
normalized: setup
normalized: with
normalized: few
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: some
normalized: bugs
normalized: some
normalized: obvious
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: not
normalized: obvious
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: goal
normalized: find
normalized: those
normalized: bugs
normalized: and
normalized: squash
normalized: using
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: good
normalized: luck
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: use
normalized: gdb
normalized: explore
normalized: and
normalized: fix
normalized: logic
normalized: and
normalized: memory
normalized: bugs
normalized: code
normalized: your
normalized: section
normalized: meeting
normalized: this
normalized: week
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: valgrind
normalized: practice
normalized: more
normalized: logic
normalized: and
normalized: memory
normalized: debugging
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: management
normalized: system
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: management
normalized: system
normalized: goals
normalized: explore
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: learn
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: learn
normalized: use
normalized: gitlab
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: your
normalized: software
normalized: engineering
normalized: career
normalized: many
normalized: your
normalized: programming
normalized: projects
normalized: will
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: small
normalized: individual
normalized: endeavors
normalized: software
normalized: matures
normalized: often
normalized: grows
normalized: complexity
normalized: bugs
normalized: are
normalized: fixed
normalized: features
normalized: are
normalized: added
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: contributing
normalized: developers
normalized: increases
normalized: managing
normalized: this
normalized: complexity
normalized: becomes
normalized: mammoth
normalized: task
normalized: that
normalized: crushes
normalized: many
normalized: fledgling
normalized: startups
normalized: similar
normalized: fate
normalized: store
normalized: for
normalized: projects
normalized: that
normalized: lack
normalized: reliable
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: received
normalized: bug
normalized: report
normalized: version
normalized: what
normalized: was
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: ability
normalized: easily
normalized: back
normalized: out
normalized: changes
normalized: accept
normalized: only
normalized: subset
normalized: group
normalized: changes
normalized: especially
normalized: team
normalized: environment
normalized: also
normalized: essential
normalized: and
normalized: encourages
normalized: experimentation
normalized: another
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: practice
normalized: that
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: aids
normalized: code
normalized: reviews
normalized: proposed
normalized: changes
normalized: may
normalized: examined
normalized: before
normalized: being
normalized: incorporated
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: master
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: repository
normalized: tools
normalized: like
normalized: git
normalized: give
normalized: programmers
normalized: the
normalized: ability
normalized: branch
normalized: away
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: development
normalized: track
normalized: try
normalized: out
normalized: new
normalized: feature
normalized: debug
normalized: quick
normalized: fix
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: merge
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: later
normalized: abandon
normalized: them
normalized: entirely
normalized: finally
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: also
normalized: serve
normalized: form
normalized: backup
normalized: just
normalized: case
normalized: some
normalized: solo
normalized: programmers
normalized: might
normalized: feel
normalized: they
normalized: don
normalized: need
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: this
normalized: shortsighted
normalized: the
normalized: sole
normalized: person
normalized: doing
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: support
normalized: backup
normalized: team
normalized: these
normalized: folks
normalized: need
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: even
normalized: more
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: vcs
normalized: come
normalized: many
normalized: flavors
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: heard
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: open
normalized: source
normalized: incarnations
normalized: such
normalized: concurrent
normalized: versions
normalized: system
normalized: cvs
normalized: mercurial
normalized: subversion
normalized: svn
normalized: while
normalized: these
normalized: systems
normalized: differ
normalized: implementation
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: provide
normalized: methods
normalized: manage
normalized: resources
normalized: such
normalized: tracking
normalized: reverting
normalized: and
normalized: merging
normalized: changes
normalized: git
normalized: open
normalized: source
normalized: distributed
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: system
normalized: dvcs
normalized: any
normalized: text
normalized: based
normalized: files
normalized: can
normalized: managed
normalized: vcs
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: configuration
normalized: files
normalized: sql
normalized: scripts
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: documentation
normalized: written
normalized: using
normalized: latex
normalized: markdown
normalized: xml
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: assets
normalized: are
normalized: easily
normalized: maintained
normalized: vcs
normalized: store
normalized: this
normalized: website
normalized: gitlab
normalized: using
normalized: git
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: human
normalized: readable
normalized: like
normalized: word
normalized: pdf
normalized: files
normalized: images
normalized: can
normalized: problematic
normalized: but
normalized: can
normalized: sometimes
normalized: stored
normalized: vcs
normalized: without
normalized: the
normalized: benefit
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: based
normalized: tools
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: two
normalized: primary
normalized: groups
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: centralized
normalized: such
normalized: subversion
normalized: and
normalized: clearcase
normalized: which
normalized: generally
normalized: require
normalized: network
normalized: connection
normalized: for
normalized: operation
normalized: and
normalized: decentralized
normalized: such
normalized: mercurial
normalized: and
normalized: git
normalized: which
normalized: not
normalized: require
normalized: network
normalized: connection
normalized: fact
normalized: these
normalized: systems
normalized: always
normalized: have
normalized: complete
normalized: local
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: repository
normalized: will
normalized: using
normalized: git
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: project
normalized: was
normalized: originally
normalized: developed
normalized: and
normalized: somewhat
normalized: named
normalized: after
normalized: linus
normalized: torvalds
normalized: manage
normalized: the
normalized: linux
normalized: kernel
normalized: million
normalized: loc
normalized: many
normalized: open
normalized: source
normalized: and
normalized: commercial
normalized: projects
normalized: currently
normalized: rely
normalized: git
normalized: including
normalized: the
normalized: linux
normalized: kernel
normalized: google
normalized: android
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: macosx
normalized: package
normalized: manager
normalized: homebrew
normalized: will
normalized: using
normalized: git
normalized: the
normalized: systems
normalized: machines
normalized: using
normalized: managed
normalized: git
normalized: server
normalized: called
normalized: gitlab
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: cover
normalized: installation
normalized: and
normalized: setup
normalized: git
normalized: your
normalized: personal
normalized: laptop
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: third
normalized: party
normalized: git
normalized: related
normalized: applications
normalized: such
normalized: github
normalized: bitbucket
normalized: sourcetree
normalized: the
normalized: enterprising
normalized: student
normalized: may
normalized: explore
normalized: these
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: advanced
normalized: topics
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: several
normalized: free
normalized: books
normalized: and
normalized: interactive
normalized: tutorials
normalized: the
normalized: resources
normalized: page
normalized: particularly
normalized: recommend
normalized: pro
normalized: git
normalized: scott
normalized: chacon
normalized: and
normalized: ben
normalized: straub
normalized: available
normalized: free
normalized: online
normalized: why
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: imagine
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: scenario
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: term
normalized: paper
normalized: write
normalized: being
normalized: diligent
normalized: student
normalized: you
normalized: start
normalized: early
normalized: writing
normalized: rough
normalized: draft
normalized: saved
normalized: paper
normalized: doc
normalized: you
normalized: explore
normalized: your
normalized: topic
normalized: you
normalized: think
normalized: like
normalized: what
normalized: have
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: added
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: want
normalized: lose
normalized: your
normalized: current
normalized: progress
normalized: you
normalized: copy
normalized: your
normalized: paper
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: paper
normalized: doc
normalized: and
normalized: begin
normalized: exploring
normalized: new
normalized: ideas
normalized: ideas
normalized: come
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: continue
normalized: replicate
normalized: and
normalized: rename
normalized: your
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: reach
normalized: the
normalized: final
normalized: week
normalized: classes
normalized: with
normalized: different
normalized: documents
normalized: each
normalized: containing
normalized: something
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: keep
normalized: you
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: named
normalized: final
normalized: doc
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: contain
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: disparate
normalized: pieces
normalized: thought
normalized: linked
normalized: together
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: deadline
normalized: you
normalized: realize
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: rework
normalized: the
normalized: intro
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: create
normalized: final
normalized: doc
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: you
normalized: submit
normalized: something
normalized: that
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: final
normalized: good
normalized: final
normalized: doc
normalized: now
normalized: imagine
normalized: you
normalized: had
normalized: write
normalized: this
normalized: paper
normalized: together
normalized: with
normalized: others
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: are
normalized: designed
normalized: alleviate
normalized: the
normalized: hardships
normalized: managing
normalized: resources
normalized: like
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: files
normalized: term
normalized: papers
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: vcs
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: tracked
normalized: that
normalized: any
normalized: changes
normalized: can
normalized: recorded
normalized: the
normalized: simple
normalized: example
normalized: above
normalized: you
normalized: ended
normalized: with
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: some
normalized: likely
normalized: sharing
normalized: large
normalized: portions
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: text
normalized: some
normalized: vcs
normalized: storage
normalized: space
normalized: saved
normalized: only
normalized: saving
normalized: changes
normalized: deltas
normalized: files
normalized: these
normalized: changes
normalized: can
normalized: logged
normalized: and
normalized: timestamped
normalized: that
normalized: going
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: version
normalized: last
normalized: tuesday
normalized: before
normalized: would
normalized: very
normalized: easy
normalized: the
normalized: previous
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: wanted
normalized: combine
normalized: parts
normalized: multiple
normalized: files
normalized: this
normalized: concept
normalized: known
normalized: merging
normalized: addition
normalized: tracking
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: allowing
normalized: easy
normalized: reversion
normalized: vcs
normalized: often
normalized: have
normalized: capabilities
normalized: for
normalized: easy
normalized: merging
normalized: when
normalized: collaborating
normalized: with
normalized: multiple
normalized: users
normalized: vcs
normalized: come
normalized: two
normalized: varieties
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: distributed
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: model
normalized: the
normalized: central
normalized: repository
normalized: shared
normalized: amongst
normalized: all
normalized: users
normalized: here
normalized: terms
normalized: like
normalized: checkout
normalized: and
normalized: lock
normalized: come
normalized: into
normalized: play
normalized: when
normalized: user
normalized: wants
normalized: edit
normalized: file
normalized: they
normalized: checkout
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: this
normalized: locks
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: being
normalized: edited
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: users
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: time
normalized: some
normalized: vcs
normalized: allow
normalized: stealing
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: urgent
normalized: priority
normalized: changes
normalized: but
normalized: general
normalized: user
normalized: has
normalized: control
normalized: then
normalized: one
normalized: else
normalized: can
normalized: have
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: until
normalized: they
normalized: check
normalized: common
normalized: complaint
normalized: with
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: systems
normalized: their
normalized: being
normalized: slow
normalized: because
normalized: every
normalized: operation
normalized: must
normalized: communicate
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: central
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: generally
normalized: safe
normalized: for
normalized: multiple
normalized: users
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: files
normalized: cvs
normalized: and
normalized: svn
normalized: are
normalized: examples
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: model
normalized: distributed
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: each
normalized: user
normalized: maintains
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: and
normalized: changes
normalized: are
normalized: shared
normalized: periodically
normalized: amongst
normalized: all
normalized: other
normalized: users
normalized: merge
normalized: conflicts
normalized: can
normalized: arise
normalized: when
normalized: multiple
normalized: users
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: many
normalized: vcs
normalized: provide
normalized: advanced
normalized: features
normalized: simplify
normalized: this
normalized: process
normalized: mercurial
normalized: and
normalized: git
normalized: are
normalized: among
normalized: the
normalized: more
normalized: popular
normalized: distributed
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: both
normalized: known
normalized: for
normalized: their
normalized: speed
normalized: and
normalized: flexibility
normalized: git
normalized: configuration
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: start
normalized: using
normalized: git
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: configure
normalized: your
normalized: development
normalized: environment
normalized: git
normalized: stores
normalized: environment
normalized: settings
normalized: three
normalized: different
normalized: files
normalized: etc
normalized: gitconfig
normalized: contains
normalized: settings
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: users
normalized: system
normalized: gitconfig
normalized: contains
normalized: user
normalized: specific
normalized: settings
normalized: project
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: contains
normalized: project
normalized: specific
normalized: settings
normalized: project
normalized: settings
normalized: override
normalized: user
normalized: settings
normalized: which
normalized: turn
normalized: override
normalized: system
normalized: settings
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: configuration
normalized: options
normalized: but
normalized: minimum
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: tell
normalized: git
normalized: who
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: your
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: contact
normalized: you
normalized: your
normalized: email
normalized: although
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: edit
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: editor
normalized: git
normalized: provides
normalized: command
normalized: config
normalized: for
normalized: setting
normalized: common
normalized: parameters
normalized: shown
normalized: below
normalized: here
normalized: also
normalized: set
normalized: preferred
normalized: editor
normalized: emacs
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: user
normalized: name
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: user
normalized: email
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: core
normalized: editor
normalized: emacs
normalized: vim
normalized: bbedit
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: color
normalized: true
normalized: you
normalized: like
normalized: colors
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: push
normalized: default
normalized: simple
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: view
normalized: your
normalized: current
normalized: settings
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: option
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: two
normalized: options
normalized: may
normalized: useful
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: certain
normalized: commands
normalized: color
normalized: their
normalized: output
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: list
normalized: user
normalized: name
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: user
normalized: email
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: core
normalized: editor
normalized: emacs
normalized: color
normalized: true
normalized: push
normalized: default
normalized: simple
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: global
normalized: option
normalized: writes
normalized: your
normalized: user
normalized: specific
normalized: settings
normalized: gitconfig
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: cat
normalized: gitconfig
normalized: user
normalized: name
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: email
normalized: kotz
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: core
normalized: editor
normalized: emacs
normalized: color
normalized: true
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: dig
normalized: further
normalized: self
normalized: documenting
normalized: gitconfig
normalized: starting
normalized: point
normalized: may
normalized: found
normalized: here
normalized: gitting
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: always
normalized: get
normalized: help
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: man
normalized: git
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: git
normalized: help
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: tutorials
normalized: and
normalized: references
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: see
normalized: our
normalized: git
normalized: resources
normalized: page
normalized: creating
normalized: repository
normalized: repository
normalized: called
normalized: repo
normalized: for
normalized: short
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: that
normalized: contains
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: information
normalized: needed
normalized: manage
normalized: project
normalized: this
normalized: often
normalized: includes
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: resources
normalized: themselves
normalized: well
normalized: any
normalized: meta
normalized: data
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: vcs
normalized: manage
normalized: them
normalized: let
normalized: see
normalized: how
normalized: create
normalized: git
normalized: repo
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: empty
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: you
normalized: always
normalized: need
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: when
normalized: starting
normalized: new
normalized: project
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: either
normalized: create
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: fill
normalized: create
normalized: repo
normalized: existing
normalized: directory
normalized: that
normalized: already
normalized: contains
normalized: files
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: mkdir
normalized: labx
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: labx
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: labx
normalized: git
normalized: init
normalized: initialized
normalized: empty
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: net
normalized: nusers
normalized: kotz
normalized: labs
normalized: labx
normalized: git
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: labx
normalized: git
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: labx
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: git
normalized: created
normalized: hidden
normalized: directory
normalized: git
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: mess
normalized: with
normalized: any
normalized: its
normalized: contents
normalized: create
normalized: repository
normalized: existing
normalized: development
normalized: directory
normalized: suppose
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: begin
normalized: using
normalized: vcs
normalized: after
normalized: project
normalized: already
normalized: had
normalized: lot
normalized: files
normalized: existing
normalized: directory
normalized: tree
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: init
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: initialized
normalized: empty
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: net
normalized: nusers
normalized: kotz
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: recursively
normalized: add
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: print
normalized: current
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: initial
normalized: commit
normalized: changes
normalized: committed
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: cached
normalized: file
normalized: unstage
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: makefile
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: tree
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: tree
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: treetest
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: initial
normalized: commit
normalized: tree
normalized: code
normalized: master
normalized: root
normalized: commit
normalized: initial
normalized: commit
normalized: tree
normalized: code
normalized: files
normalized: changed
normalized: insertions
normalized: create
normalized: mode
normalized: makefile
normalized: create
normalized: mode
normalized: tree
normalized: create
normalized: mode
normalized: tree
normalized: create
normalized: mode
normalized: treetest
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: print
normalized: current
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: nothing
normalized: commit
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: clean
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: pager
normalized: log
normalized: oneline
normalized: decorate
normalized: graph
normalized: all
normalized: pretty
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: history
normalized: commits
normalized: head
normalized: master
normalized: initial
normalized: commit
normalized: tree
normalized: code
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: files
normalized: git
normalized: git
normalized: treats
normalized: all
normalized: content
normalized: being
normalized: one
normalized: three
normalized: states
normalized: ignored
normalized: git
normalized: never
normalized: even
normalized: looks
normalized: untracked
normalized: git
normalized: reports
normalized: its
normalized: presence
normalized: but
normalized: doesn
normalized: track
normalized: its
normalized: changes
normalized: tracked
normalized: git
normalized: tracks
normalized: everything
normalized: that
normalized: happens
normalized: content
normalized: that
normalized: being
normalized: tracked
normalized: always
normalized: one
normalized: four
normalized: states
normalized: changed
normalized: staged
normalized: committed
normalized: pushed
normalized: workflow
normalized: git
normalized: workflow
normalized: figure
normalized: from
normalized: jason
normalized: taylor
normalized: git
normalized: complete
normalized: the
normalized: general
normalized: workflow
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: modify
normalized: files
normalized: stage
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: commit
normalized: those
normalized: staged
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: push
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: remote
normalized: repository
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: newly
normalized: created
normalized: are
normalized: referred
normalized: untracked
normalized: until
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: added
normalized: git
normalized: when
normalized: files
normalized: added
normalized: git
normalized: are
normalized: then
normalized: changed
normalized: they
normalized: must
normalized: staged
normalized: before
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: committed
normalized: you
normalized: add
normalized: modify
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: git
normalized: stages
normalized: files
normalized: recording
normalized: changes
normalized: special
normalized: file
normalized: often
normalized: called
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: staging
normalized: area
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: commit
normalized: your
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: staged
normalized: changes
normalized: become
normalized: permanently
normalized: recorded
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: checking
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: times
normalized: during
normalized: your
normalized: development
normalized: may
normalized: helpful
normalized: determine
normalized: the
normalized: status
normalized: untracked
normalized: modified
normalized: staged
normalized: committed
normalized: etc
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: within
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: repo
normalized: shown
normalized: below
normalized: nothing
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: added
normalized: staged
normalized: committed
normalized: the
normalized: repository
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: state
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: command
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: nothing
normalized: commit
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: clean
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: the
normalized: status
normalized: command
normalized: will
normalized: often
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: hints
normalized: watch
normalized: for
normalized: them
normalized: these
normalized: tips
normalized: can
normalized: very
normalized: helpful
normalized: staging
normalized: files
normalized: move
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: staging
normalized: area
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: command
normalized: below
normalized: create
normalized: readme
normalized: all
normalized: good
normalized: projects
normalized: and
normalized: stage
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: command
normalized: shows
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: staged
normalized: according
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: committed
normalized: heading
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: cat
normalized: readme
normalized: binary
normalized: tree
normalized: demo
normalized: code
normalized: version
normalized: use
normalized: function
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: add
normalized: tree
normalized: print
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: use
normalized: function
normalized: pointers
normalized: adds
normalized: tree
normalized: print
normalized: function
normalized: hints
normalized: how
normalized: one
normalized: might
normalized: support
normalized: tree
normalized: delete
normalized: function
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: makefile
normalized: readme
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: treetest
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: untracked
normalized: files
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: file
normalized: include
normalized: what
normalized: will
normalized: committed
normalized: readme
normalized: nothing
normalized: added
normalized: commit
normalized: but
normalized: untracked
normalized: files
normalized: present
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: track
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: readme
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: changes
normalized: committed
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: reset
normalized: head
normalized: file
normalized: unstage
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: readme
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: added
normalized: readme
normalized: master
normalized: added
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: changed
normalized: insertions
normalized: create
normalized: mode
normalized: readme
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: hint
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: several
normalized: new
normalized: modified
normalized: deleted
normalized: files
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: all
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: used
normalized: readme
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: readme
normalized: above
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: extension
normalized: assumed
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: markdown
normalized: syntax
normalized: which
normalized: provides
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: readable
normalized: markup
normalized: for
normalized: headings
normalized: lists
normalized: italics
normalized: bold
normalized: and
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: website
normalized: written
normalized: markdown
normalized: many
normalized: vcs
normalized: web
normalized: portals
normalized: like
normalized: our
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: popular
normalized: github
normalized: allow
normalized: you
normalized: browse
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: and
normalized: render
normalized: markdown
normalized: format
normalized: making
normalized: such
normalized: files
normalized: much
normalized: nicer
normalized: look
normalized: markdown
normalized: easy
normalized: learn
normalized: see
normalized: markdown
normalized: resources
normalized: recovering
normalized: files
normalized: git
normalized: has
normalized: some
normalized: characteristics
normalized: backup
normalized: system
normalized: you
normalized: accidentally
normalized: remove
normalized: file
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: recover
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: recent
normalized: commit
normalized: asking
normalized: git
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: from
normalized: that
normalized: commit
normalized: program
normalized: oops
normalized: meant
normalized: program
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: commit
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: feature
normalized: roll
normalized: back
normalized: earlier
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: ignoring
normalized: files
normalized: git
normalized: works
normalized: well
normalized: with
normalized: normal
normalized: files
normalized: but
normalized: executables
normalized: and
normalized: binary
normalized: format
normalized: files
normalized: like
normalized: images
normalized: can
normalized: present
normalized: challenge
normalized: addition
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: often
normalized: certain
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: want
normalized: under
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: like
normalized: temporary
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: favorite
normalized: editor
normalized: general
normalized: rule
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: commit
normalized: any
normalized: derived
normalized: files
normalized: repo
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: any
normalized: files
normalized: built
normalized: makefile
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: live
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: derived
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: rebuilt
normalized: anyone
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: configure
normalized: git
normalized: ignore
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: they
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: added
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: some
normalized: filename
normalized: extensions
normalized: are
normalized: commonly
normalized: used
normalized: refer
normalized: derived
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: configure
normalized: git
normalized: ignore
normalized: them
normalized: all
normalized: our
normalized: repos
normalized: now
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: gitignore
normalized: global
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: contents
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: libraries
normalized: emacs
normalized: debugger
normalized: symbols
normalized: dsym
normalized: macos
normalized: store
normalized: appledouble
normalized: lsoverride
normalized: icon
normalized: spotlight
normalized: trashes
normalized: make
normalized: easy
normalized: just
normalized: copy
normalized: our
normalized: file
normalized: gitignore
normalized: github
normalized: maintains
normalized: list
normalized: common
normalized: ignore
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: get
normalized: more
normalized: ideas
normalized: then
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: tell
normalized: git
normalized: about
normalized: project
normalized: specific
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: ignored
normalized: minimum
normalized: this
normalized: list
normalized: would
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: binary
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: produced
normalized: result
normalized: compiling
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: rule
normalized: thumb
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: tell
normalized: git
normalized: ignore
normalized: anything
normalized: that
normalized: make
normalized: builds
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: deletes
normalized: create
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: our
normalized: new
normalized: repo
normalized: below
normalized: focus
normalized: the
normalized: need
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: treetest
normalized: that
normalized: builds
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: echo
normalized: treetest
normalized: gitignore
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: untracked
normalized: files
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: file
normalized: include
normalized: what
normalized: will
normalized: committed
normalized: gitignore
normalized: nothing
normalized: added
normalized: commit
normalized: but
normalized: untracked
normalized: files
normalized: present
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: track
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: gitignore
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: ignore
normalized: executable
normalized: master
normalized: ignore
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: changed
normalized: insertion
normalized: create
normalized: mode
normalized: gitignore
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: didn
normalized: have
normalized: add
normalized: and
normalized: commit
normalized: the
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: git
normalized: make
normalized: use
normalized: just
normalized: didn
normalized: want
normalized: forget
normalized: put
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: that
normalized: way
normalized: anyone
normalized: else
normalized: who
normalized: later
normalized: uses
normalized: this
normalized: project
normalized: repo
normalized: will
normalized: also
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: now
normalized: let
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: whether
normalized: git
normalized: ignores
normalized: not
normalized: shown
normalized: first
normalized: made
normalized: small
normalized: change
normalized: treetest
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: make
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: treetest
normalized: treetest
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: treetest
normalized: tree
normalized: treetest
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: makefile
normalized: readme
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: treetest
normalized: treetest
normalized: treetest
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: changes
normalized: not
normalized: staged
normalized: for
normalized: commit
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: file
normalized: update
normalized: what
normalized: will
normalized: committed
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: file
normalized: discard
normalized: changes
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: modified
normalized: treetest
normalized: untracked
normalized: files
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: file
normalized: include
normalized: what
normalized: will
normalized: committed
normalized: tree
normalized: treetest
normalized: changes
normalized: added
normalized: commit
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: and
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: git
normalized: properly
normalized: ignored
normalized: treetest
normalized: but
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: must
normalized: have
normalized: skipped
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: directions
normalized: above
normalized: can
normalized: explicitly
normalized: ignore
normalized: them
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: cat
normalized: gitignore
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: changes
normalized: not
normalized: staged
normalized: for
normalized: commit
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: file
normalized: update
normalized: what
normalized: will
normalized: committed
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: file
normalized: discard
normalized: changes
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: modified
normalized: gitignore
normalized: modified
normalized: treetest
normalized: changes
normalized: added
normalized: commit
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: and
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: worked
normalized: now
normalized: will
normalized: commit
normalized: all
normalized: modified
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: commit
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: tweak
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: script
normalized: master
normalized: tweak
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: script
normalized: files
normalized: changed
normalized: insertions
normalized: deletions
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: removing
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: remove
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: repository
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: rearrange
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: longer
normalized: needed
normalized: instead
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: both
normalized: your
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: repository
normalized: prior
normalized: versions
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: are
normalized: still
normalized: the
normalized: repository
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: always
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: back
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: output
normalized: sometimes
normalized: suggests
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: remove
normalized: something
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: staging
normalized: area
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: cached
normalized: file
normalized: command
normalized: remove
normalized: staged
normalized: files
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: doesn
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: repository
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: opposite
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: committing
normalized: changes
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: made
normalized: some
normalized: changes
normalized: and
normalized: staged
normalized: them
normalized: then
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: commit
normalized: those
normalized: changes
normalized: roughly
normalized: permanently
normalized: each
normalized: commit
normalized: should
normalized: accompanied
normalized: message
normalized: explaining
normalized: what
normalized: changes
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: made
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: accomplish
normalized: this
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: message
normalized: saw
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: above
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: command
normalized: without
normalized: the
normalized: option
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: taken
normalized: your
normalized: default
normalized: editor
normalized: enter
normalized: commit
normalized: message
normalized: you
normalized: commit
normalized: too
normalized: early
normalized: and
normalized: want
normalized: add
normalized: something
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: commit
normalized: then
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: amend
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: message
normalized: very
normalized: important
normalized: both
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: colleagues
normalized: working
normalized: with
normalized: you
normalized: your
normalized: commits
normalized: should
normalized: fairly
normalized: granular
normalized: with
normalized: straightforward
normalized: present
normalized: tense
normalized: commit
normalized: message
normalized: encourage
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: present
normalized: tense
normalized: since
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: message
normalized: describing
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: messages
normalized: become
normalized: even
normalized: more
normalized: important
normalized: you
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: team
normalized: particularly
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: members
normalized: are
normalized: geographically
normalized: distributed
normalized: best
normalized: practice
normalized: make
normalized: atomic
normalized: changes
normalized: git
normalized: doesn
normalized: care
normalized: why
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: changing
normalized: just
normalized: tracks
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: changes
normalized: allowing
normalized: you
normalized: choose
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: way
normalized: git
normalized: actions
normalized: are
normalized: atomic
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: changes
normalized: should
normalized: also
normalized: you
normalized: move
normalized: function
normalized: from
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: another
normalized: that
normalized: could
normalized: two
normalized: commits
normalized: one
normalized: delete
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: another
normalized: add
normalized: file
normalized: this
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: but
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: commits
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: missing
normalized: entirely
normalized: later
normalized: build
normalized: based
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: base
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: commit
normalized: would
normalized: not
normalized: work
normalized: instead
normalized: commit
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: version
normalized: both
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: commit
normalized: similarly
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: make
normalized: several
normalized: unrelated
normalized: changes
normalized: various
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: project
normalized: run
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: separately
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: set
normalized: changes
normalized: each
normalized: commit
normalized: with
normalized: different
normalized: message
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: message
normalized: relevant
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: being
normalized: committed
normalized: git
normalized: diff
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: you
normalized: tell
normalized: what
normalized: has
normalized: changed
normalized: since
normalized: your
normalized: last
normalized: commit
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: diff
normalized: below
normalized: edit
normalized: the
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: diff
normalized: show
normalized: what
normalized: changed
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: diff
normalized: prints
normalized: little
normalized: bit
normalized: context
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: uses
normalized: lines
normalized: beginning
normalized: with
normalized: and
normalized: show
normalized: added
normalized: and
normalized: removed
normalized: lines
normalized: respectively
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: emacs
normalized: readme
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: diff
normalized: diff
normalized: git
normalized: readme
normalized: readme
normalized: index
normalized: readme
normalized: readme
normalized: adds
normalized: tree
normalized: print
normalized: function
normalized: hints
normalized: how
normalized: one
normalized: might
normalized: support
normalized: tree
normalized: delete
normalized: function
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: now
normalized: gitlab
normalized: removed
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: added
normalized: this
normalized: paragraph
normalized: instead
normalized: will
normalized: demonstrate
normalized: how
normalized: diff
normalized: can
normalized: show
normalized: you
normalized: the
normalized: differences
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: version
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: committed
normalized: version
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: add
normalized: specific
normalized: filename
normalized: like
normalized: git
normalized: diff
normalized: makefile
normalized: you
normalized: just
normalized: want
normalized: see
normalized: differences
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: all
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: git
normalized: diff
normalized: mangled
normalized: could
normalized: because
normalized: incompatibility
normalized: between
normalized: git
normalized: the
normalized: pager
normalized: program
normalized: less
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: connection
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: terminal
normalized: program
normalized: worked
normalized: around
normalized: telling
normalized: git
normalized: use
normalized: cat
normalized: pager
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: core
normalized: pager
normalized: cat
normalized: git
normalized: tags
normalized: beginners
normalized: can
normalized: ignore
normalized: this
normalized: feature
normalized: for
normalized: now
normalized: once
normalized: you
normalized: achieved
normalized: some
normalized: milestone
normalized: such
normalized: deliverable
normalized: release
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: some
normalized: mechanism
normalized: for
normalized: marking
normalized: your
normalized: get
normalized: log
normalized: history
normalized: you
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: log
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: hash
normalized: codes
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: side
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: identify
normalized: each
normalized: commit
normalized: clearly
normalized: would
normalized: unreasonable
normalized: expect
normalized: everyone
normalized: remember
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: release
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: purpose
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: command
normalized: this
normalized: places
normalized: marker
normalized: the
normalized: get
normalized: log
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: you
normalized: specify
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: try
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: only
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: committed
normalized: date
normalized: state
normalized: later
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: reconstruct
normalized: particular
normalized: release
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: above
normalized: for
normalized: lightweight
normalized: tag
normalized: one
normalized: that
normalized: just
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: location
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: history
normalized: another
normalized: the
normalized: annotated
normalized: tag
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: command
normalized: does
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: generally
normalized: used
normalized: note
normalized: major
normalized: releases
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: annotation
normalized: can
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: release
normalized: name
normalized: release
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: information
normalized: related
normalized: the
normalized: release
normalized: for
normalized: nice
normalized: overview
normalized: how
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: feature
normalized: please
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: extra
normalized: that
normalized: added
normalized: git
normalized: stashes
normalized: beginners
normalized: can
normalized: ignore
normalized: this
normalized: feature
normalized: for
normalized: now
normalized: common
normalized: occurrence
normalized: happily
normalized: working
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: release
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: when
normalized: high
normalized: priority
normalized: critical
normalized: situation
normalized: comes
normalized: with
normalized: important
normalized: customer
normalized: the
normalized: boss
normalized: wants
normalized: you
normalized: stop
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: doing
normalized: and
normalized: fix
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: you
normalized: anxious
normalized: fix
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: about
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: your
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: where
normalized: should
normalized: you
normalized: save
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: corresponds
normalized: the
normalized: release
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: answer
normalized: git
normalized: stash
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: save
normalized: everything
normalized: that
normalized: isn
normalized: committed
normalized: and
normalized: reset
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: recent
normalized: committed
normalized: version
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: high
normalized: priority
normalized: work
normalized: completed
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: restore
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: had
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: stash
normalized: apply
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: previous
normalized: work
normalized: will
normalized: reappear
normalized: once
normalized: you
normalized: finished
normalized: with
normalized: stash
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: delete
normalized: using
normalized: git
normalized: stash
normalized: drop
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: stash
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: multiple
normalized: stashes
normalized: saved
normalized: see
normalized: them
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: stash
normalized: list
normalized: command
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: stash
normalized: for
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: backup
normalized: rolling
normalized: back
normalized: previous
normalized: commit
normalized: beginners
normalized: should
normalized: ignore
normalized: this
normalized: feature
normalized: for
normalized: now
normalized: thanks
normalized: travis
normalized: peters
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: tip
normalized: roll
normalized: back
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: specified
normalized: state
normalized: particular
normalized: commit
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: reset
normalized: command
normalized: warning
normalized: please
normalized: exercise
normalized: caution
normalized: when
normalized: running
normalized: these
normalized: commands
normalized: this
normalized: not
normalized: something
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: undo
normalized: later
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: follow
normalized: these
normalized: instructions
normalized: this
normalized: tutorial
normalized: assumes
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: currently
normalized: the
normalized: master
normalized: branch
normalized: first
normalized: want
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: come
normalized: back
normalized: this
normalized: state
normalized: our
normalized: repository
normalized: later
normalized: point
normalized: should
normalized: need
normalized: commit
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: predecessors
normalized: are
normalized: always
normalized: accessible
normalized: long
normalized: have
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: recent
normalized: commit
normalized: that
normalized: branch
normalized: first
normalized: create
normalized: branch
normalized: that
normalized: points
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: recent
normalized: commit
normalized: our
normalized: current
normalized: branch
normalized: ideally
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: master
normalized: branch
normalized: right
normalized: now
normalized: git
normalized: branch
normalized: myoldhead
normalized: next
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: reset
normalized: command
normalized: which
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: reset
normalized: your
normalized: current
normalized: head
normalized: some
normalized: specified
normalized: state
normalized: according
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: page
normalized: git
normalized: help
normalized: reset
normalized: the
normalized: hard
normalized: flag
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: resets
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: and
normalized: working
normalized: tree
normalized: any
normalized: changes
normalized: tracked
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: working
normalized: tree
normalized: since
normalized: are
normalized: discarded
normalized: git
normalized: reset
normalized: hard
normalized: tag
normalized: branch
normalized: commit
normalized: hash
normalized: running
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: effectively
normalized: sets
normalized: your
normalized: head
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: tag
normalized: branch
normalized: commit
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: specify
normalized: and
normalized: completely
normalized: clears
normalized: out
normalized: your
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: index
normalized: staging
normalized: area
normalized: finally
normalized: you
normalized: wish
normalized: commit
normalized: this
normalized: state
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: repository
normalized: synchronized
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: repository
normalized: also
normalized: points
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: just
normalized: reset
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: back
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: flag
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: forcefully
normalized: overwrite
normalized: your
normalized: remote
normalized: repository
normalized: without
normalized: the
normalized: flag
normalized: git
normalized: will
normalized: complain
normalized: about
normalized: your
normalized: current
normalized: branch
normalized: being
normalized: behind
normalized: this
normalized: expected
normalized: our
normalized: case
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: couple
normalized: notes
normalized: you
normalized: decide
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: myoldhead
normalized: branch
normalized: longer
normalized: needed
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: really
normalized: don
normalized: want
normalized: keep
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: branch
normalized: git
normalized: branch
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: commits
normalized: that
normalized: with
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: command
normalized: git
normalized: branch
normalized: myoldhead
normalized: when
normalized: referencing
normalized: commits
normalized: such
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: reset
normalized: command
normalized: above
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: have
normalized: copy
normalized: paste
normalized: write
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: commit
normalized: large
normalized: cryptographic
normalized: hashes
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: git
normalized: for
normalized: data
normalized: integrity
normalized: purposes
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: which
normalized: beyond
normalized: the
normalized: scope
normalized: these
normalized: notes
normalized: what
normalized: are
normalized: concerned
normalized: with
normalized: however
normalized: uniqueness
normalized: these
normalized: commits
normalized: while
normalized: not
normalized: guaranteed
normalized: extremely
normalized: unlikely
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: sha
normalized: hashes
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: generated
normalized: for
normalized: different
normalized: commits
normalized: will
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: thus
normalized: when
normalized: referring
normalized: commits
normalized: need
normalized: only
normalized: tell
normalized: git
normalized: enough
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: hash
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: confident
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: uniquely
normalized: identified
normalized: specific
normalized: commit
normalized: practice
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: people
normalized: only
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: characters
normalized: git
normalized: hash
normalized: uniquely
normalized: identify
normalized: some
normalized: tag
normalized: branch
normalized: commit
normalized: other
normalized: handy
normalized: git
normalized: features
normalized: git
normalized: has
normalized: many
normalized: many
normalized: more
normalized: features
normalized: than
normalized: have
normalized: detailed
normalized: here
normalized: have
normalized: only
normalized: scratched
normalized: the
normalized: surface
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: necessary
normalized: work
normalized: collaboratively
normalized: your
normalized: class
normalized: project
normalized: the
normalized: interested
normalized: student
normalized: encouraged
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: provided
normalized: resources
normalized: keywords
normalized: commands
normalized: investigate
normalized: show
normalized: diff
normalized: branch
normalized: and
normalized: rebase
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: here
normalized: git
normalized: branch
normalized: merge
normalized: example
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: folks
normalized: who
normalized: brought
normalized: you
normalized: gitgraph
normalized: pdf
normalized: gitlab
normalized: server
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: server
normalized: hosted
normalized: https
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: using
normalized: gitlab
normalized: instead
normalized: public
normalized: servers
normalized: elsewhere
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: because
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: maintain
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: private
normalized: repositories
normalized: and
normalized: because
normalized: provides
normalized: cool
normalized: tools
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: gitlab
normalized: includes
normalized: graphical
normalized: web
normalized: based
normalized: way
normalized: exploring
normalized: your
normalized: repositories
normalized: shown
normalized: below
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: register
normalized: for
normalized: userid
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: create
normalized: repository
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: that
normalized: follow
normalized: get
normalized: started
normalized: with
normalized: gitlab
normalized: follow
normalized: these
normalized: steps
normalized: use
normalized: browser
normalized: https
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: already
normalized: have
normalized: gitlab
normalized: userid
normalized: create
normalized: one
normalized: that
normalized: identical
normalized: your
normalized: login
normalized: name
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: userid
normalized: created
normalized: back
normalized: and
normalized: login
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: opening
normalized: screen
normalized: when
normalized: new
normalized: user
normalized: logs
normalized: and
normalized: here
normalized: what
normalized: opening
normalized: screen
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: all
normalized: our
normalized: repositories
normalized: are
normalized: gitlab
normalized: group
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: groups
normalized: tab
normalized: near
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: click
normalized: our
normalized: group
normalized: expand
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: subgroup
normalized: open
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: green
normalized: new
normalized: project
normalized: button
normalized: fill
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: giving
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: name
normalized: required
normalized: and
normalized: description
normalized: optional
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: marked
normalized: private
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: successfully
normalized: created
normalized: and
normalized: appears
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: pop
normalized: change
normalized: https
normalized: scroll
normalized: down
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: instructions
normalized: for
normalized: using
normalized: this
normalized: project
normalized: let
normalized: assume
normalized: you
normalized: had
normalized: already
normalized: created
normalized: local
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: above
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: under
normalized: existing
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: remote
normalized: add
normalized: origin
normalized: command
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: there
normalized: your
normalized: terminal
normalized: window
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: had
normalized: earlier
normalized: set
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: paste
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: remote
normalized: add
normalized: origin
normalized: command
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: ties
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: remote
normalized: you
normalized: created
normalized: gitlab
normalized: giving
normalized: this
normalized: relationship
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: origin
normalized: then
normalized: copy
normalized: and
normalized: paste
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: origin
normalized: master
normalized: this
normalized: pushes
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: master
normalized: branch
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: known
normalized: origin
normalized: enter
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: username
normalized: and
normalized: password
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: browser
normalized: window
normalized: let
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: now
normalized: there
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: little
normalized: home
normalized: icon
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: side
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: little
normalized: files
normalized: icon
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: new
normalized: project
normalized: notice
normalized: below
normalized: that
normalized: renders
normalized: the
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: nicely
normalized: suppose
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: thing
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: you
normalized: edit
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: and
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: now
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: shows
normalized: you
normalized: ready
normalized: push
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: cat
normalized: readme
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: now
normalized: gitlab
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: your
normalized: branch
normalized: date
normalized: with
normalized: origin
normalized: master
normalized: changes
normalized: not
normalized: staged
normalized: for
normalized: commit
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: file
normalized: update
normalized: what
normalized: will
normalized: committed
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: file
normalized: discard
normalized: changes
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: modified
normalized: readme
normalized: changes
normalized: added
normalized: commit
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: and
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: readme
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: updated
normalized: readme
normalized: master
normalized: updated
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: changed
normalized: insertions
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: counting
normalized: objects
normalized: done
normalized: delta
normalized: compression
normalized: using
normalized: threads
normalized: compressing
normalized: objects
normalized: done
normalized: writing
normalized: objects
normalized: bytes
normalized: bytes
normalized: done
normalized: total
normalized: delta
normalized: reused
normalized: delta
normalized: https
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: binary
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: master
normalized: master
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: status
normalized: branch
normalized: master
normalized: your
normalized: branch
normalized: date
normalized: with
normalized: origin
normalized: master
normalized: nothing
normalized: commit
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: clean
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: labs
normalized: tree
normalized: jump
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: browser
normalized: and
normalized: hit
normalized: refresh
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: readme
normalized: cool
normalized: why
normalized: git
normalized: always
normalized: asking
normalized: for
normalized: password
normalized: because
normalized: must
normalized: authenticate
normalized: you
normalized: gitlab
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: https
normalized: style
normalized: urls
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: enter
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: password
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: style
normalized: urls
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: enter
normalized: the
normalized: passphrase
normalized: you
normalized: gave
normalized: ssh
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: generated
normalized: the
normalized: keypair
normalized: now
normalized: recommend
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: ssh
normalized: style
normalized: urls
normalized: the
normalized: former
normalized: method
normalized: little
normalized: tricky
normalized: but
normalized: worth
normalized: the
normalized: effort
normalized: set
normalized: read
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: set
normalized: gitlab
normalized: for
normalized: ssh
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: each
normalized: group
normalized: sets
normalized: shared
normalized: repo
normalized: gitlab
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: series
normalized: labs
normalized: will
normalized: design
normalized: implement
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: web
normalized: search
normalized: tool
normalized: called
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: because
normalized: can
normalized: written
normalized: under
normalized: lines
normalized: student
normalized: written
normalized: code
normalized: about
normalized: lines
normalized: each
normalized: four
normalized: labs
normalized: today
normalized: begin
normalized: discuss
normalized: the
normalized: concepts
normalized: behind
normalized: web
normalized: search
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: design
normalized: tse
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: decomposition
normalized: into
normalized: three
normalized: major
normalized: components
normalized: crawler
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: query
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: discuss
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: foundational
normalized: issues
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: also
normalized: dicuss
normalized: the
normalized: overall
normalized: architectural
normalized: design
normalized: more
normalized: comprehensive
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: than
normalized: tse
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: skim
normalized: this
normalized: classic
normalized: paper
normalized: about
normalized: web
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: arvind
normalized: arasu
normalized: junghoo
normalized: cho
normalized: hector
normalized: garcia
normalized: molina
normalized: andreas
normalized: paepcke
normalized: sriram
normalized: raghavan
normalized: stanford
normalized: university
normalized: acm
normalized: transactions
normalized: internet
normalized: technology
normalized: toit
normalized: volume
normalized: issue
normalized: august
normalized: this
normalized: paper
normalized: gives
normalized: insights
normalized: into
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: design
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: skip
normalized: the
normalized: plots
normalized: and
normalized: deeper
normalized: research
normalized: material
normalized: but
normalized: your
normalized: best
normalized: understand
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: components
normalized: and
normalized: design
normalized: issues
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: goals
normalized: plan
normalized: learn
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: from
normalized: today
normalized: lecture
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: like
normalized: google
normalized: search
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: general
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: architecture
normalized: urls
normalized: webpages
normalized: html
normalized: http
normalized: and
normalized: keywords
normalized: talking
normalized: the
normalized: department
normalized: webserver
normalized: using
normalized: http
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: information
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: something
normalized: every
normalized: day
normalized: with
normalized: ease
normalized: but
normalized: technically
normalized: challenging
normalized: implement
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: scale
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: and
normalized: because
normalized: pages
normalized: change
normalized: dramatically
normalized: different
normalized: rates
normalized: april
normalized: there
normalized: were
normalized: billion
normalized: publicly
normalized: available
normalized: webpages
normalized: the
normalized: indexed
normalized: web
normalized: according
normalized: one
normalized: estimate
normalized: just
normalized: looked
normalized: that
normalized: web
normalized: site
normalized: april
normalized: the
normalized: site
normalized: says
normalized: the
normalized: indexed
normalized: web
normalized: now
normalized: contains
normalized: least
normalized: billion
normalized: pages
normalized: even
normalized: that
normalized: number
normalized: likely
normalized: underestimate
normalized: because
normalized: many
normalized: organizations
normalized: have
normalized: lots
normalized: internal
normalized: webpages
normalized: that
normalized: aren
normalized: indexed
normalized: the
normalized: public
normalized: search
normalized: engines
normalized: get
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: hiking
normalized: new
normalized: hampshire
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: such
normalized: google
normalized: information
normalized: retrieval
normalized: system
normalized: returns
normalized: list
normalized: links
normalized: urls
normalized: sites
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: keywords
normalized: specified
normalized: embedded
normalized: them
normalized: conveniently
normalized: the
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: orders
normalized: ranks
normalized: the
normalized: links
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: relevant
normalized: pages
normalized: are
normalized: near
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: google
normalized: responded
normalized: query
normalized: seconds
normalized: with
normalized: matches
normalized: found
normalized: how
normalized: that
normalized: possible
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: google
normalized: search
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: billion
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: half
normalized: second
normalized: surely
normalized: google
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: actually
normalized: search
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: user
normalized: request
normalized: instead
normalized: looks
normalized: into
normalized: vast
normalized: index
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: built
normalized: earlier
normalized: given
normalized: new
normalized: search
normalized: term
normalized: checks
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: for
normalized: pages
normalized: known
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: hiking
normalized: and
normalized: again
normalized: for
normalized: those
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: phrase
normalized: new
normalized: hampshire
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: intersects
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: results
normalized: come
normalized: with
normalized: list
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: google
normalized: rank
normalized: the
normalized: pages
normalized: the
normalized: resulting
normalized: list
normalized: the
normalized: solution
normalized: actually
normalized: google
normalized: secret
normalized: sauce
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: rank
normalized: algorithm
normalized: developed
normalized: brin
normalized: and
normalized: page
normalized: when
normalized: they
normalized: were
normalized: grad
normalized: students
normalized: although
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: algorithm
normalized: was
normalized: published
normalized: google
normalized: continues
normalized: refine
normalized: and
normalized: tweak
normalized: and
normalized: keeps
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: secret
normalized: when
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: google
normalized: build
normalized: that
normalized: index
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: find
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: pages
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: google
normalized: servers
normalized: are
normalized: constantly
normalized: crawling
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: given
normalized: one
normalized: link
normalized: url
normalized: download
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: find
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: links
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: examine
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: recursively
normalized: new
normalized: updated
normalized: pages
normalized: are
normalized: found
normalized: they
normalized: index
normalized: each
normalized: page
normalized: extracting
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: words
normalized: used
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: building
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: that
normalized: maps
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: urls
normalized: later
normalized: search
normalized: query
normalized: broken
normalized: into
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: sought
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: returning
normalized: set
normalized: urls
normalized: where
normalized: that
normalized: word
normalized: appears
normalized: for
normalized: multi
normalized: word
normalized: query
normalized: they
normalized: intersect
normalized: the
normalized: sets
normalized: find
normalized: set
normalized: where
normalized: all
normalized: words
normalized: appear
normalized: then
normalized: they
normalized: apply
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: rank
normalized: algorithm
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: produce
normalized: ranked
normalized: list
normalized: april
normalized: google
normalized: website
normalized: said
normalized: its
normalized: index
normalized: filled
normalized: over
normalized: million
normalized: gigabytes
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: this
normalized: nice
normalized: video
normalized: from
normalized: google
normalized: explaining
normalized: how
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: works
normalized: general
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: architecture
normalized: arvind
normalized: search
normalized: engines
normalized: like
normalized: google
normalized: are
normalized: complex
normalized: sophisticated
normalized: highly
normalized: distributed
normalized: systems
normalized: below
normalized: reproduce
normalized: the
normalized: general
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: architecture
normalized: discussed
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: components
normalized: include
normalized: parallel
normalized: crawlers
normalized: crawler
normalized: control
normalized: when
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: crawl
normalized: page
normalized: repository
normalized: indexer
normalized: analysis
normalized: collection
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: index
normalized: tables
normalized: structure
normalized: utility
normalized: and
normalized: query
normalized: engine
normalized: and
normalized: ranking
normalized: module
normalized: such
normalized: general
normalized: architecture
normalized: would
normalized: take
normalized: significant
normalized: amount
normalized: time
normalized: code
normalized: our
normalized: tse
normalized: will
normalized: implement
normalized: stripped
normalized: down
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: components
normalized: urls
normalized: html
normalized: and
normalized: keywords
normalized: some
normalized: terminology
normalized: url
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: uniform
normalized: resource
normalized: locator
normalized: used
normalized: specify
normalized: addresses
normalized: webpages
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: resources
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: example
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: which
normalized: refers
normalized: the
normalized: http
normalized: network
normalized: protocol
normalized: the
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: server
normalized: html
normalized: most
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: hypertext
normalized: markup
normalized: language
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: quick
normalized: tutorial
normalized: html
normalized: see
normalized: this
normalized: introduction
normalized: html
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: htm
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: extension
normalized: html
normalized: pages
normalized: can
normalized: created
normalized: tools
normalized: simply
normalized: editor
normalized: like
normalized: emacs
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: write
normalized: any
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: tags
normalized: html
normalized: uses
normalized: tags
normalized: mark
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: this
normalized: text
normalized: would
normalized: bold
normalized: most
normalized: tags
normalized: are
normalized: enclosed
normalized: angle
normalized: brackets
normalized: like
normalized: and
normalized: most
normalized: come
normalized: matching
normalized: pairs
normalized: marking
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: and
normalized: ending
normalized: region
normalized: text
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: tag
normalized: applies
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: and
normalized: pair
normalized: are
normalized: interested
normalized: collecting
normalized: urls
normalized: from
normalized: html
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: tag
normalized: that
normalized: forms
normalized: link
normalized: and
normalized: references
normalized: url
normalized: called
normalized: anchor
normalized: for
normalized: short
normalized: the
normalized: tag
normalized: takes
normalized: parameters
normalized: most
normalized: importantly
normalized: the
normalized: href
normalized: parameter
normalized: href
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: home
normalized: page
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: purpose
normalized: indexing
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: need
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: words
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: most
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: tags
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: tags
normalized: are
normalized: there
normalized: format
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: for
normalized: tinysearchengine
normalized: define
normalized: keywords
normalized: being
normalized: outside
normalized: tags
normalized: when
normalized: tinysearchengine
normalized: downloads
normalized: webpage
normalized: html
normalized: source
normalized: needs
normalized: parse
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: extract
normalized: urls
normalized: can
normalized: crawl
normalized: those
normalized: urls
normalized: and
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: words
normalized: that
normalized: users
normalized: might
normalized: interested
normalized: running
normalized: queries
normalized: for
normalized: parsing
normalized: html
normalized: can
normalized: challenging
normalized: especially
normalized: because
normalized: many
normalized: pages
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: don
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: standard
normalized: cleanly
normalized: will
normalized: provide
normalized: you
normalized: with
normalized: function
normalized: parse
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: feel
normalized: free
normalized: write
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: you
normalized: prefer
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: html
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: old
normalized: html
normalized: specification
normalized: the
normalized: brand
normalized: new
normalized: html
normalized: specification
normalized: talk
normalized: webserver
normalized: using
normalized: hypertext
normalized: transfer
normalized: protocol
normalized: http
normalized: the
normalized: hypertext
normalized: transfer
normalized: protocol
normalized: http
normalized: used
normalized: between
normalized: your
normalized: client
normalized: browser
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: transfer
normalized: html
normalized: files
normalized: http
normalized: itself
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: stateless
normalized: request
normalized: response
normalized: protocol
normalized: that
normalized: get
normalized: its
normalized: reliable
normalized: underlying
normalized: transport
normalized: from
normalized: tcp
normalized: transmission
normalized: control
normalized: protocol
normalized: top
normalized: internet
normalized: protocol
normalized: take
normalized: learn
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: networking
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: http
normalized: protocol
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: sends
normalized: request
normalized: called
normalized: get
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: responds
normalized: with
normalized: response
normalized: web
normalized: servers
normalized: listen
normalized: for
normalized: requests
normalized: the
normalized: well
normalized: known
normalized: tcp
normalized: port
normalized: have
normalized: first
normalized: connect
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: open
normalized: reliable
normalized: stream
normalized: host
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: port
normalized: could
normalized: write
normalized: some
normalized: fancy
normalized: code
normalized: this
normalized: but
normalized: typical
normalized: unix
normalized: style
normalized: there
normalized: already
normalized: tool
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: telnet
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: simply
normalized: makes
normalized: tcp
normalized: connection
normalized: given
normalized: host
normalized: and
normalized: port
normalized: and
normalized: connects
normalized: our
normalized: terminal
normalized: keyboard
normalized: and
normalized: screen
normalized: that
normalized: connection
normalized: can
normalized: interactively
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: server
normalized: listening
normalized: that
normalized: port
normalized: can
normalized: thus
normalized: type
normalized: http
normalized: get
normalized: request
normalized: hand
normalized: flume
normalized: telnet
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: trying
normalized: connected
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: escape
normalized: character
normalized: get
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: http
normalized: typed
normalized: this
normalized: host
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: and
normalized: blank
normalized: line
normalized: http
normalized: date
normalized: wed
normalized: apr
normalized: gmt
normalized: server
normalized: apache
normalized: fedora
normalized: last
normalized: modified
normalized: wed
normalized: apr
normalized: gmt
normalized: etag
normalized: accept
normalized: ranges
normalized: bytes
normalized: content
normalized: length
normalized: connection
normalized: close
normalized: content
normalized: type
normalized: text
normalized: html
normalized: charset
normalized: utf
normalized: doctype
normalized: html
normalized: html
normalized: head
normalized: meta
normalized: charset
normalized: utf
normalized: meta
normalized: http
normalized: equiv
normalized: compatible
normalized: content
normalized: edge
normalized: meta
normalized: name
normalized: viewport
normalized: content
normalized: width
normalized: device
normalized: width
normalized: initial
normalized: scale
normalized: title
normalized: overview
normalized: title
normalized: meta
normalized: name
normalized: description
normalized: content
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: how
normalized: design
normalized: amp
normalized: build
normalized: large
normalized: reliable
normalized: maintainable
normalized: and
normalized: understandable
normalized: software
normalized: systems
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: unix
normalized: development
normalized: tools
normalized: href
normalized: https
normalized: canvas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: courses
normalized: canvas
normalized: href
normalized: https
normalized: piazza
normalized: com
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: spring
normalized: cosc
normalized: home
normalized: piazza
normalized: href
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: schedule
normalized: href
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: logistics
normalized: logistics
normalized: href
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: lectures
normalized: lectures
normalized: href
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: reading
normalized: reading
normalized: href
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: examples
normalized: examples
normalized: href
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: sections
normalized: sections
normalized: href
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: labs
normalized: labs
normalized: try
normalized: yourself
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: you
normalized: hit
normalized: carriage
normalized: return
normalized: twice
normalized: after
normalized: typing
normalized: host
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: http
normalized: protocol
normalized: wants
normalized: empty
normalized: line
normalized: indicate
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: finished
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: server
normalized: responds
normalized: with
normalized: few
normalized: lines
normalized: http
normalized: syntax
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: reports
normalized: status
normalized: code
normalized: with
normalized: human
normalized: readable
normalized: equivalent
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: few
normalized: lines
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: date
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: modified
normalized: date
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: returned
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: stuff
normalized: describing
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: html
normalized: after
normalized: blank
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: requested
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: page
normalized: snipped
normalized: out
normalized: most
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: anchor
normalized: tags
normalized: that
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: every
normalized: page
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: urls
normalized: for
normalized: canvas
normalized: piazza
normalized: and
normalized: links
normalized: other
normalized: folders
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: folder
normalized: you
normalized: happen
normalized: have
normalized: access
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: used
normalized: this
normalized: web
normalized: server
normalized: this
normalized: server
normalized: configured
normalized: rewrite
normalized: urls
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: user
normalized: pathnames
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: user
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: you
normalized: ssh
normalized: flume
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: machines
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: and
normalized: poke
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: files
normalized: there
normalized: most
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: will
normalized: include
normalized: many
normalized: links
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: will
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: link
normalized: twice
normalized: furthermore
normalized: when
normalized: exploring
normalized: set
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: those
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: often
normalized: link
normalized: each
normalized: other
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: pages
normalized: link
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: links
normalized: directly
normalized: indirectly
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: directed
normalized: graph
normalized: not
normalized: tree
normalized: any
normalized: effort
normalized: crawl
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: therefore
normalized: must
normalized: use
normalized: something
normalized: like
normalized: breadth
normalized: first
normalized: depth
normalized: first
normalized: search
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: graph
normalized: avoiding
normalized: the
normalized: effort
normalized: and
normalized: infinite
normalized: loops
normalized: that
normalized: occur
normalized: when
normalized: encountering
normalized: link
normalized: already
normalized: found
normalized: earlier
normalized: the
normalized: crawl
normalized: our
normalized: tinysearchengine
normalized: will
normalized: rely
normalized: curl
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: libcurl
normalized: library
normalized: retrieve
normalized: webpages
normalized: can
normalized: experiment
normalized: bit
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: version
normalized: curl
normalized: let
normalized: use
normalized: curl
normalized: download
normalized: the
normalized: homepage
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: urls
normalized: crude
normalized: approach
normalized: would
normalized: pipe
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: curl
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: page
normalized: into
normalized: grep
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: lines
normalized: this
normalized: approach
normalized: will
normalized: under
normalized: count
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: multiple
normalized: href
normalized: links
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: line
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: least
normalized: links
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: flume
normalized: curl
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: grep
normalized: href
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: will
normalized: start
normalized: envisioning
normalized: design
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: implementation
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: implementation
normalized: goals
normalized: understand
normalized: the
normalized: specifications
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: develop
normalized: implementation
normalized: plan
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: demonstrate
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: one
normalized: crawler
normalized: solution
normalized: first
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: shows
normalized: short
normalized: run
normalized: crawler
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: second
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: shows
normalized: some
normalized: short
normalized: runs
normalized: crawler
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: small
normalized: letters
normalized: playground
normalized: then
normalized: run
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: playground
normalized: eventually
normalized: killed
normalized: the
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: crawl
normalized: because
normalized: takes
normalized: long
normalized: time
normalized: finish
normalized: specifications
normalized: good
normalized: software
normalized: implementation
normalized: requires
normalized: good
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: good
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: must
normalized: based
normalized: clear
normalized: set
normalized: requirements
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: these
normalized: specifications
normalized: sort
normalized: contract
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: who
normalized: writes
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: the
normalized: ultimate
normalized: user
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: thus
normalized: need
normalized: three
normalized: specs
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: specifies
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: must
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: specifies
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: language
normalized: independent
normalized: machine
normalized: dependent
normalized: way
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: specifies
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: dependent
normalized: machine
normalized: dependent
normalized: details
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: take
normalized: closer
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: lecture
normalized: for
normalized: today
normalized: let
normalized: apply
normalized: this
normalized: approach
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: our
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: design
normalized: inspired
normalized: the
normalized: material
normalized: the
normalized: paper
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: arvind
normalized: arasu
normalized: junghoo
normalized: cho
normalized: hector
normalized: garcia
normalized: molina
normalized: andreas
normalized: paepcke
normalized: and
normalized: sriram
normalized: raghavan
normalized: stanford
normalized: university
normalized: acm
normalized: transactions
normalized: internet
normalized: technology
normalized: toit
normalized: volume
normalized: issue
normalized: august
normalized: tse
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: tse
normalized: shall
normalized: consist
normalized: three
normalized: subsystems
normalized: crawler
normalized: which
normalized: crawls
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: from
normalized: given
normalized: seed
normalized: given
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: and
normalized: caches
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: the
normalized: pages
normalized: finds
normalized: one
normalized: page
normalized: per
normalized: file
normalized: given
normalized: directory
normalized: indexer
normalized: which
normalized: reads
normalized: files
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: directory
normalized: builds
normalized: index
normalized: that
normalized: maps
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: pages
normalized: urls
normalized: and
normalized: writes
normalized: that
normalized: index
normalized: given
normalized: file
normalized: querier
normalized: which
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: from
normalized: given
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: query
normalized: expressed
normalized: set
normalized: words
normalized: optionally
normalized: combined
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: ranked
normalized: list
normalized: pages
normalized: urls
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: combination
normalized: words
normalized: appear
normalized: each
normalized: subsystem
normalized: standalone
normalized: program
normalized: executed
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: but
normalized: they
normalized: inter
normalized: connect
normalized: through
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: spec
normalized: document
normalized: write
normalized: shall
normalized: mean
normalized: must
normalized: look
normalized: deeper
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: each
normalized: subsystem
normalized: later
normalized: first
normalized: let
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: level
normalized: the
normalized: overall
normalized: tse
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: tse
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: overall
normalized: architecture
normalized: presented
normalized: below
normalized: shows
normalized: the
normalized: modular
normalized: decomposition
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: diagram
normalized: consistent
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: can
normalized: clearly
normalized: see
normalized: three
normalized: sub
normalized: systems
normalized: their
normalized: interconnection
normalized: through
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: for
normalized: submitting
normalized: queries
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: subsystem
normalized: has
normalized: internal
normalized: ranking
normalized: module
normalized: which
normalized: anticipate
normalized: might
normalized: separate
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: processor
normalized: module
normalized: look
normalized: more
normalized: closely
normalized: when
normalized: come
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: design
normalized: next
normalized: describe
normalized: each
normalized: sub
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: design
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawls
normalized: website
normalized: and
normalized: retrieves
normalized: webpages
normalized: starting
normalized: with
normalized: specified
normalized: url
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: initial
normalized: webpage
normalized: extracts
normalized: any
normalized: embedded
normalized: href
normalized: urls
normalized: and
normalized: retrieves
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: and
normalized: crawls
normalized: the
normalized: pages
normalized: found
normalized: those
normalized: urls
normalized: but
normalized: limiting
normalized: itself
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: hops
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: seed
normalized: url
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: process
normalized: complete
normalized: the
normalized: indexing
normalized: the
normalized: collected
normalized: documents
normalized: can
normalized: begin
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: extracts
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: keywords
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: stored
normalized: webpage
normalized: and
normalized: creates
normalized: lookup
normalized: table
normalized: that
normalized: maps
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: found
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: documents
normalized: webpages
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: was
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: engine
normalized: responds
normalized: requests
normalized: queries
normalized: from
normalized: users
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: processor
normalized: module
normalized: loads
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: and
normalized: searches
normalized: for
normalized: pages
normalized: that
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: search
normalized: keywords
normalized: because
normalized: there
normalized: may
normalized: many
normalized: hits
normalized: need
normalized: ranking
normalized: module
normalized: rank
normalized: the
normalized: results
normalized: high
normalized: low
normalized: number
normalized: instances
normalized: keyword
normalized: page
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: specs
normalized: look
normalized: deeper
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: querier
normalized: later
normalized: right
normalized: now
normalized: let
normalized: focus
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: describes
normalized: abstractions
normalized: abstract
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: and
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: design
normalized: could
normalized: implemented
normalized: java
normalized: another
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: gets
normalized: more
normalized: specific
normalized: language
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: hardware
normalized: dependent
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: includes
normalized: many
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: topics
normalized: detailed
normalized: pseudo
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: objects
normalized: components
normalized: functions
normalized: definition
normalized: detailed
normalized: apis
normalized: interfaces
normalized: function
normalized: prototypes
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: parameters
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: struct
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: members
normalized: security
normalized: and
normalized: privacy
normalized: properties
normalized: error
normalized: handling
normalized: and
normalized: recovery
normalized: resource
normalized: management
normalized: persistant
normalized: storage
normalized: files
normalized: database
normalized: etc
normalized: the
normalized: lab
normalized: assignment
normalized: written
normalized: like
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: right
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: specific
normalized: function
normalized: prototypes
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: lab
normalized: demonstration
normalized: crawler
normalized: execution
normalized: and
normalized: output
normalized: below
normalized: snippet
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: starts
normalized: crawl
normalized: the
normalized: website
normalized: depth
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: prints
normalized: status
normalized: information
normalized: goes
normalized: along
normalized: note
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: consider
normalized: covering
normalized: this
normalized: debugging
normalized: print
normalized: out
normalized: code
normalized: ifdef
normalized: block
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: triggered
normalized: compile
normalized: time
normalized: switch
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: about
normalized: this
normalized: trick
normalized: crawler
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: data
normalized: fetched
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: saved
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: scanning
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: added
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: found
normalized: https
normalized: canvas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: courses
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: https
normalized: canvas
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: courses
normalized: found
normalized: https
normalized: piazza
normalized: com
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: spring
normalized: cosc
normalized: home
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: https
normalized: piazza
normalized: com
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: spring
normalized: cosc
normalized: home
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: schedule
normalized: pdf
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: logistics
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: logistics
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: lectures
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: lectures
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: reading
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: reading
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: examples
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: examples
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: sections
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: sections
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: labs
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: labs
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: labs
normalized: project
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: labs
normalized: project
normalized: found
normalized: https
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: https
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: resources
normalized: ignextrn
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: resources
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: added
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: fetched
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: saved
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: fetched
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: saved
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: printed
normalized: the
normalized: depth
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: crawl
normalized: left
normalized: then
normalized: indented
normalized: slightly
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: depth
normalized: then
normalized: printed
normalized: single
normalized: word
normalized: meant
normalized: indicate
normalized: what
normalized: being
normalized: done
normalized: then
normalized: printed
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: ensuring
normalized: consistent
normalized: format
normalized: and
normalized: choosing
normalized: simple
normalized: unique
normalized: word
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: type
normalized: line
normalized: can
normalized: post
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: with
normalized: grep
normalized: awk
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: enabling
normalized: run
normalized: various
normalized: checks
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: much
normalized: better
normalized: than
normalized: mish
normalized: mash
normalized: arbitrary
normalized: output
normalized: formats
normalized: make
normalized: this
normalized: easy
normalized: wrote
normalized: simple
normalized: function
normalized: print
normalized: those
normalized: lines
normalized: log
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: chars
normalized: about
normalized: given
normalized: url
normalized: inline
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: logr
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: word
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: depth
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: url
normalized: printf
normalized: depth
normalized: depth
normalized: word
normalized: url
normalized: thus
normalized: have
normalized: just
normalized: one
normalized: printf
normalized: call
normalized: and
normalized: want
normalized: tweak
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: just
normalized: need
normalized: edit
normalized: one
normalized: place
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: every
normalized: log
normalized: type
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: inline
normalized: modifier
normalized: this
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: allowed
normalized: compile
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: line
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: call
normalized: occurs
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: compiling
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: actually
normalized: jumps
normalized: function
normalized: and
normalized: returns
normalized: syntactically
normalized: every
normalized: way
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: function
normalized: but
normalized: more
normalized: efficient
normalized: great
normalized: for
normalized: tiny
normalized: functions
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: one
normalized: where
normalized: worth
normalized: duplicating
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: making
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: bigger
normalized: save
normalized: time
normalized: making
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: run
normalized: slightly
normalized: faster
normalized: anyway
normalized: strategic
normalized: points
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: make
normalized: call
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: one
normalized: logr
normalized: fetched
normalized: page
normalized: depth
normalized: page
normalized: url
normalized: contents
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: after
normalized: crawler
normalized: has
normalized: run
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: url
normalized: crawled
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: creates
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: places
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: filename
normalized: followed
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: webpage
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: only
normalized: few
normalized: webpages
normalized: crawled
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: created
normalized: below
normalized: peek
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: created
normalized: during
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: crawl
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: each
normalized: page
normalized: starts
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: then
normalized: number
normalized: the
normalized: depth
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: during
normalized: the
normalized: crawl
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: here
normalized: printed
normalized: only
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: head
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: doctype
normalized: html
normalized: head
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: doctype
normalized: html
normalized: public
normalized: dtd
normalized: html
normalized: transitional
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: org
normalized: html
normalized: loose
normalized: dtd
normalized: head
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: doctype
normalized: html
normalized: organization
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: code
normalized: let
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: solution
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: aiming
normalized: for
normalized: directory
normalized: structure
normalized: tse
normalized: comprises
normalized: six
normalized: subdirectories
normalized: libcs
normalized: library
normalized: code
normalized: provide
normalized: common
normalized: library
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: crawler
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: indexer
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: querier
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: data
normalized: with
normalized: subdirectories
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: indexer
normalized: can
normalized: write
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: can
normalized: read
normalized: files
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: excludes
normalized: data
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: repository
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: big
normalized: changing
normalized: often
normalized: and
normalized: don
normalized: deserve
normalized: saved
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: tree
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: common
normalized: index
normalized: index
normalized: makefile
normalized: pagedir
normalized: pagedir
normalized: word
normalized: word
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawlertest
normalized: makefile
normalized: readme
normalized: indexer
normalized: indexer
normalized: indexsort
normalized: awk
normalized: indexsort
normalized: indextest
normalized: indextest
normalized: makefile
normalized: readme
normalized: libcs
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: counters
normalized: counters
normalized: file
normalized: file
normalized: file
normalized: hashtable
normalized: hashtable
normalized: jhash
normalized: jhash
normalized: makefile
normalized: memory
normalized: memory
normalized: memory
normalized: readme
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: fetch
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: internal
normalized: webpage
normalized: makefile
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: makefile
normalized: querier
normalized: readme
normalized: testqueries
normalized: readme
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: crawler
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: querier
normalized: each
normalized: consist
normalized: just
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: they
normalized: share
normalized: some
normalized: common
normalized: code
normalized: which
normalized: keep
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: directory
normalized: pagedir
normalized: suite
normalized: functions
normalized: help
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: write
normalized: pages
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: and
normalized: help
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: read
normalized: them
normalized: back
normalized: index
normalized: suite
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: implement
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: this
normalized: module
normalized: includes
normalized: functions
normalized: write
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: used
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: read
normalized: index
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: used
normalized: querier
normalized: word
normalized: function
normalized: normalizeword
normalized: used
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: directories
normalized: crawler
normalized: indexer
normalized: querier
normalized: include
normalized: few
normalized: files
normalized: related
normalized: testing
normalized: well
normalized: you
normalized: recognize
normalized: the
normalized: lab
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: library
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: flatter
normalized: organization
normalized: there
normalized: not
normalized: separate
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: with
normalized: makefile
normalized: test
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: makefiles
normalized: the
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: includes
normalized: makefile
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: and
normalized: another
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: library
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: makefile
normalized: recursively
normalized: calls
normalized: make
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: directories
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: makefile
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: build
normalized: library
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: libcs
normalized: from
normalized: collection
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: study
normalized: this
normalized: makefile
normalized: because
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: write
normalized: something
normalized: similar
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: common
normalized: directory
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: then
normalized: link
normalized: these
normalized: libraries
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: other
normalized: programs
normalized: without
normalized: having
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: individual
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: commandline
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: when
normalized: build
normalized: crawler
normalized: make
normalized: runs
normalized: commands
normalized: follows
normalized: make
normalized: crawler
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: dapptest
normalized: libcs
normalized: common
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawler
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: dapptest
normalized: libcs
normalized: common
normalized: crawler
normalized: common
normalized: common
normalized: libcs
normalized: libcs
normalized: lcurl
normalized: crawler
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: makefile
normalized: written
normalized: good
normalized: style
normalized: with
normalized: appropriate
normalized: use
normalized: variables
normalized: the
normalized: rule
normalized: that
normalized: causes
normalized: make
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: commands
normalized: actually
normalized: much
normalized: shorter
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawler
normalized: llibs
normalized: cflags
normalized: libs
normalized: work
normalized: more
normalized: with
normalized: makefiles
normalized: upcoming
normalized: classes
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: over
normalized: set
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: and
normalized: try
normalized: understand
normalized: why
normalized: takes
normalized: the
normalized: steps
normalized: does
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: makefiles
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: makefiles
normalized: goals
normalized: today
normalized: have
normalized: two
normalized: part
normalized: lecture
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: methodology
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: makefiles
normalized: please
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: notes
normalized: there
normalized: more
normalized: say
normalized: than
normalized: can
normalized: say
normalized: class
normalized: activity
normalized: for
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: will
normalized: play
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: bugs
normalized: amp
normalized: testing
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: bugs
normalized: testing
normalized: goals
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: talk
normalized: about
normalized: bugs
normalized: and
normalized: introduce
normalized: the
normalized: art
normalized: testing
normalized: types
normalized: bugs
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: between
normalized: debugging
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: when
normalized: and
normalized: why
normalized: test
normalized: various
normalized: approaches
normalized: testing
normalized: but
normalized: first
normalized: let
normalized: talk
normalized: about
normalized: bugs
normalized: bugs
normalized: from
normalized: fighting
normalized: bugs
normalized: remove
normalized: retry
normalized: replicate
normalized: and
normalized: rejuvenate
normalized: grottke
normalized: and
normalized: trivedi
normalized: bohr
normalized: bugs
normalized: most
normalized: bugs
normalized: are
normalized: reproducible
normalized: they
normalized: always
normalized: occur
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: set
normalized: circumstances
normalized: these
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: described
normalized: bohr
normalized: bugs
normalized: reference
normalized: the
normalized: simple
normalized: atomic
normalized: model
normalized: niels
normalized: bohr
normalized: that
normalized: brought
normalized: consistency
normalized: and
normalized: predictability
normalized: the
normalized: study
normalized: physics
normalized: the
normalized: atomic
normalized: level
normalized: mandelbugs
normalized: however
normalized: bugs
normalized: don
normalized: always
normalized: cooperate
normalized: common
normalized: experience
normalized: have
normalized: bugs
normalized: disappear
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: you
normalized: try
normalized: show
normalized: someone
normalized: else
normalized: only
normalized: return
normalized: later
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: person
normalized: has
normalized: left
normalized: there
normalized: could
normalized: many
normalized: explanations
normalized: amp
normalized: mentioned
normalized: several
normalized: varying
normalized: error
normalized: propagation
normalized: delay
normalized: and
normalized: variations
normalized: systems
normalized: outside
normalized: your
normalized: software
normalized: such
normalized: variations
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: configuration
normalized: user
normalized: account
normalized: configuration
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: configuration
normalized: network
normalized: connection
normalized: unreliability
normalized: said
normalized: connection
normalized: analog
normalized: sensor
normalized: hardware
normalized: which
normalized: sometime
normalized: has
normalized: non
normalized: deterministic
normalized: behavior
normalized: variations
normalized: the
normalized: physical
normalized: environment
normalized: for
normalized: software
normalized: that
normalized: senses
normalized: interacts
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: world
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: don
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: logical
normalized: chain
normalized: events
normalized: are
normalized: sometimes
normalized: called
normalized: mandelbugs
normalized: after
normalized: benoit
normalized: mandelbrot
normalized: leading
normalized: mathematician
normalized: known
normalized: for
normalized: his
normalized: work
normalized: fractals
normalized: heisenbugs
normalized: subset
normalized: mandelbugs
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: heisenbugs
normalized: named
normalized: after
normalized: werner
normalized: heisenberg
normalized: uncertainty
normalized: principle
normalized: these
normalized: also
normalized: result
normalized: chaotic
normalized: unpredictable
normalized: behavior
normalized: but
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: little
normalized: tougher
normalized: figure
normalized: out
normalized: because
normalized: their
normalized: behavior
normalized: can
normalized: change
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: try
normalized: examine
normalized: them
normalized: prime
normalized: examples
normalized: heisenbugs
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: timing
normalized: problems
normalized: and
normalized: others
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: act
normalized: probing
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: can
normalized: introduce
normalized: side
normalized: effects
normalized: bit
normalized: rot
normalized: finally
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: aging
normalized: related
normalized: bugs
normalized: also
normalized: referred
normalized: bit
normalized: rot
normalized: systems
normalized: that
normalized: run
normalized: for
normalized: long
normalized: time
normalized: can
normalized: eventually
normalized: suffer
normalized: failure
normalized: due
normalized: these
normalized: slow
normalized: effect
normalized: bugs
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: usually
normalized: bohrbugs
normalized: since
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: repeatable
normalized: but
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: seldom
normalized: found
normalized: testing
normalized: due
normalized: the
normalized: long
normalized: duration
normalized: before
normalized: they
normalized: cause
normalized: trouble
normalized: example
normalized: slow
normalized: memory
normalized: leaks
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: most
normalized: often
normalized: handled
normalized: establishing
normalized: policies
normalized: for
normalized: schedule
normalized: which
normalized: applications
normalized: computers
normalized: are
normalized: periodically
normalized: restarted
normalized: even
normalized: when
normalized: all
normalized: seems
normalized: well
normalized: this
normalized: practice
normalized: doesn
normalized: come
normalized: without
normalized: cost
normalized: especially
normalized: you
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: personnel
normalized: time
normalized: required
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: inconvenience
normalized: system
normalized: users
normalized: customers
normalized: another
normalized: form
normalized: bit
normalized: rot
normalized: occurs
normalized: software
normalized: that
normalized: needs
normalized: live
normalized: for
normalized: years
normalized: spanning
normalized: many
normalized: generations
normalized: the
normalized: underlying
normalized: software
normalized: and
normalized: hardware
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: compiles
normalized: today
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: compile
normalized: next
normalized: year
normalized: because
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: libraries
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: even
normalized: compiles
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: run
normalized: properly
normalized: because
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: underlying
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: its
normalized: configuration
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: hardware
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: has
normalized: migrated
normalized: new
normalized: server
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: surrounding
normalized: environment
normalized: such
normalized: remote
normalized: servers
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: needs
normalized: connect
normalized: three
normalized: motivational
normalized: anecdotes
normalized: proven
normalized: program
normalized: found
normalized: have
normalized: bug
normalized: years
normalized: later
normalized: adapted
normalized: from
normalized: joshua
normalized: bloch
normalized: blog
normalized: jon
normalized: bentley
normalized: author
normalized: programming
normalized: pearls
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: books
normalized: observed
normalized: that
normalized: relatively
normalized: simple
normalized: piece
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: binary
normalized: sort
normalized: that
normalized: had
normalized: proven
normalized: correct
normalized: during
normalized: lecture
normalized: cmu
normalized: had
normalized: bug
normalized: that
normalized: wasn
normalized: discovered
normalized: until
normalized: years
normalized: later
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: int
normalized: binarysearch
normalized: int
normalized: int
normalized: length
normalized: int
normalized: key
normalized: int
normalized: low
normalized: mid
normalized: midval
normalized: int
normalized: high
normalized: length
normalized: while
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: mid
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: midval
normalized: mid
normalized: midval
normalized: key
normalized: low
normalized: mid
normalized: else
normalized: midval
normalized: key
normalized: high
normalized: mid
normalized: else
normalized: return
normalized: mid
normalized: key
normalized: found
normalized: return
normalized: low
normalized: key
normalized: not
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: was
normalized: found
normalized: line
normalized: mid
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: this
normalized: looks
normalized: correct
normalized: since
normalized: purpose
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: average
normalized: low
normalized: and
normalized: high
normalized: rounded
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: nearest
normalized: integer
normalized: however
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: low
normalized: and
normalized: high
normalized: exceed
normalized: the
normalized: maximum
normalized: signed
normalized: int
normalized: value
normalized: some
normalized: architectures
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: goes
normalized: negative
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: resulting
normalized: value
normalized: for
normalized: mid
normalized: also
normalized: how
normalized: would
normalized: you
normalized: fix
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: would
normalized: work
normalized: mid
normalized: low
normalized: high
normalized: low
normalized: missile
normalized: system
normalized: looking
normalized: the
normalized: wrong
normalized: place
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: february
normalized: gao
normalized: report
normalized: the
normalized: house
normalized: representatives
normalized: subcommittee
normalized: investigations
normalized: and
normalized: oversight
normalized: committee
normalized: science
normalized: space
normalized: and
normalized: technology
normalized: february
normalized: patriot
normalized: missile
normalized: defense
normalized: system
normalized: operating
normalized: dhahran
normalized: saudi
normalized: arabia
normalized: during
normalized: operation
normalized: desert
normalized: storm
normalized: failed
normalized: track
normalized: and
normalized: intercept
normalized: incoming
normalized: scud
normalized: this
normalized: scud
normalized: subsequently
normalized: hit
normalized: army
normalized: barracks
normalized: killing
normalized: americans
normalized: the
normalized: patriot
normalized: battery
normalized: dhahran
normalized: failed
normalized: track
normalized: and
normalized: intercept
normalized: the
normalized: scud
normalized: missile
normalized: because
normalized: software
normalized: problem
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: weapons
normalized: control
normalized: computer
normalized: this
normalized: problem
normalized: led
normalized: inaccurate
normalized: tracking
normalized: calculation
normalized: that
normalized: became
normalized: worse
normalized: the
normalized: longer
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: operated
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: incident
normalized: the
normalized: battery
normalized: had
normalized: been
normalized: operating
normalized: continuously
normalized: for
normalized: over
normalized: hours
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: inaccuracy
normalized: was
normalized: serious
normalized: enough
normalized: cause
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: wrong
normalized: place
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: incoming
normalized: scud
normalized: the
normalized: patriot
normalized: had
normalized: never
normalized: before
normalized: been
normalized: used
normalized: defend
normalized: against
normalized: scud
normalized: missiles
normalized: nor
normalized: was
normalized: expected
normalized: operate
normalized: continuously
normalized: for
normalized: long
normalized: periods
normalized: time
normalized: two
normalized: weeks
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: incident
normalized: army
normalized: officials
normalized: received
normalized: israeli
normalized: data
normalized: indicating
normalized: some
normalized: loss
normalized: accuracy
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: had
normalized: been
normalized: running
normalized: for
normalized: consecutive
normalized: hours
normalized: consequently
normalized: army
normalized: officials
normalized: modified
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: improve
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: accuracy
normalized: however
normalized: the
normalized: modified
normalized: software
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: reach
normalized: dhahran
normalized: until
normalized: february
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: scud
normalized: incident
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: was
normalized: that
normalized: order
normalized: predict
normalized: where
normalized: incoming
normalized: missile
normalized: would
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: needed
normalized: its
normalized: velocity
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: expressed
normalized: real
normalized: numbers
normalized: the
normalized: calculations
normalized: unfortunately
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: was
normalized: maintained
normalized: integer
normalized: representing
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: tenths
normalized: second
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: began
normalized: operating
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: was
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: longer
normalized: was
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: larger
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: would
normalized: when
normalized: converting
normalized: the
normalized: integer
normalized: time
normalized: into
normalized: real
normalized: number
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: patriot
normalized: was
normalized: looking
normalized: the
normalized: wrong
normalized: place
normalized: apple
normalized: ssl
normalized: bug
normalized: example
normalized: sometimes
normalized: software
normalized: updates
normalized: add
normalized: new
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: wouldn
normalized: caught
normalized: without
normalized: running
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: tests
normalized: again
normalized: here
normalized: example
normalized: from
normalized: february
normalized: apple
normalized: macos
normalized: and
normalized: ios
normalized: where
normalized: hackers
normalized: could
normalized: trick
normalized: those
normalized: systems
normalized: into
normalized: accepting
normalized: ssl
normalized: tls
normalized: certificates
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: rejected
normalized: hashout
normalized: data
normalized: hashes
normalized: ssl
normalized: digest
normalized: len
normalized: hashout
normalized: length
normalized: ssl
normalized: sha
normalized: digest
normalized: len
normalized: err
normalized: sslfreebuffer
normalized: amp
normalized: hashctx
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: err
normalized: readyhash
normalized: amp
normalized: sslhashsha
normalized: amp
normalized: hashctx
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: err
normalized: sslhashsha
normalized: update
normalized: amp
normalized: hashctx
normalized: amp
normalized: clientrandom
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: err
normalized: sslhashsha
normalized: update
normalized: amp
normalized: hashctx
normalized: amp
normalized: serverrandom
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: err
normalized: sslhashsha
normalized: update
normalized: amp
normalized: hashctx
normalized: amp
normalized: signedparams
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: mistake
normalized: this
normalized: line
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: here
normalized: err
normalized: sslhashsha
normalized: final
normalized: amp
normalized: hashctx
normalized: amp
normalized: hashout
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: err
normalized: sslrawverify
normalized: yes
normalized: does
normalized: have
normalized: goto
normalized: statement
normalized: works
normalized: expected
normalized: providing
normalized: immediate
normalized: transfer
normalized: the
normalized: specified
normalized: label
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: verifying
normalized: the
normalized: certificate
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: checks
normalized: fail
normalized: the
normalized: err
normalized: variable
normalized: set
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: exits
normalized: the
normalized: failure
normalized: handler
normalized: unfortunately
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: inserted
normalized: two
normalized: goto
normalized: fail
normalized: statements
normalized: instead
normalized: just
normalized: one
normalized: result
normalized: even
normalized: err
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: transfers
normalized: the
normalized: fail
normalized: section
normalized: that
normalized: returned
normalized: with
normalized: return
normalized: code
normalized: err
normalized: which
normalized: err
normalized: means
normalized: success
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: certificate
normalized: reported
normalized: valid
normalized: and
normalized: ultimately
normalized: accepted
normalized: this
normalized: bug
normalized: could
normalized: allow
normalized: website
normalized: spoofing
normalized: the
normalized: acceptance
normalized: bogus
normalized: certificate
normalized: containing
normalized: mismatched
normalized: private
normalized: key
normalized: this
normalized: bug
normalized: was
normalized: overlooked
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: goto
normalized: indented
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: statement
normalized: proper
normalized: use
normalized: style
normalized: putting
normalized: brackets
normalized: around
normalized: every
normalized: code
normalized: block
normalized: would
normalized: have
normalized: prevented
normalized: this
normalized: bug
normalized: from
normalized: manifesting
normalized: itself
normalized: loss
normalized: the
normalized: mars
normalized: climate
normalized: orbiter
normalized: and
normalized: mars
normalized: polar
normalized: lander
normalized: from
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: nasa
normalized: mars
normalized: polar
normalized: lander
normalized: was
normalized: destroyed
normalized: because
normalized: its
normalized: flight
normalized: software
normalized: mistook
normalized: vibrations
normalized: due
normalized: atmospheric
normalized: turbulence
normalized: for
normalized: evidence
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: vehicle
normalized: had
normalized: landed
normalized: and
normalized: shut
normalized: off
normalized: the
normalized: engines
normalized: meters
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: martian
normalized: surface
normalized: its
normalized: sister
normalized: spacecraft
normalized: mars
normalized: climate
normalized: orbiter
normalized: was
normalized: also
normalized: destroyed
normalized: due
normalized: software
normalized: the
normalized: ground
normalized: generating
normalized: commands
normalized: pound
normalized: force
normalized: lbf
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: orbiter
normalized: expected
normalized: newtons
normalized: more
normalized: examples
normalized: historical
normalized: software
normalized: bugs
normalized: with
normalized: extreme
normalized: consequences
normalized: from
normalized: blog
normalized: list
normalized: software
normalized: bugs
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: testing
normalized: testing
normalized: can
normalized: demonstrate
normalized: the
normalized: presence
normalized: bugs
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: their
normalized: absence
normalized: edsger
normalized: dijkstra
normalized: this
normalized: quote
normalized: good
normalized: keep
normalized: mind
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: developing
normalized: code
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: between
normalized: debugging
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: you
normalized: debug
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: have
normalized: identified
normalized: problems
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: art
normalized: systematically
normalized: trying
normalized: break
normalized: code
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: think
normalized: hope
normalized: bug
normalized: free
normalized: test
normalized: throughout
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: life
normalized: cycle
normalized: because
normalized: typically
normalized: much
normalized: less
normalized: expensive
normalized: fix
normalized: bug
normalized: earlier
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: life
normalized: than
normalized: later
normalized: these
normalized: lectures
normalized: are
normalized: strongly
normalized: influenced
normalized: the
normalized: practice
normalized: programming
normalized: brian
normalized: kernighan
normalized: and
normalized: rob
normalized: pike
normalized: outstanding
normalized: book
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: advance
normalized: your
normalized: knowledge
normalized: good
normalized: programming
normalized: practices
normalized: the
normalized: notes
normalized: use
normalized: number
normalized: programming
normalized: examples
normalized: from
normalized: their
normalized: chapter
normalized: testing
normalized: kinds
normalized: testing
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: kinds
normalized: testing
normalized: each
normalized: with
normalized: its
normalized: own
normalized: purpose
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: each
normalized: functional
normalized: unit
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: working
normalized: properly
normalized: written
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: unit
normalized: developer
normalized: perspective
normalized: and
normalized: aims
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: internal
normalized: workings
normalized: the
normalized: unit
normalized: this
normalized: testing
normalized: isn
normalized: done
normalized: well
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: subsequent
normalized: testing
normalized: more
normalized: painful
normalized: slow
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: meaningless
normalized: functional
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: functional
normalized: testing
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: unit
normalized: module
normalized: sub
normalized: system
normalized: system
normalized: doing
normalized: what
normalized: its
normalized: user
normalized: wants
normalized: for
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: for
normalized: unit
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: may
normalized: developer
normalized: other
normalized: components
normalized: that
normalized: depend
normalized: this
normalized: unit
normalized: this
normalized: testing
normalized: usually
normalized: requires
normalized: scaffolding
normalized: test
normalized: harness
normalized: exercise
normalized: the
normalized: device
normalized: unit
normalized: under
normalized: test
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: tell
normalized: developer
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: doing
normalized: things
normalized: right
normalized: functional
normalized: tests
normalized: tell
normalized: developer
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: doing
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: things
normalized: jeff
normalized: canna
normalized: testing
normalized: fun
normalized: really
normalized: glass
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: and
normalized: black
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: these
normalized: refer
normalized: two
normalized: types
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: functional
normalized: testing
normalized: glass
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: peek
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: being
normalized: tested
normalized: black
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: only
normalized: access
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: public
normalized: api
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: send
normalized: the
normalized: box
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: only
normalized: what
normalized: comes
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: box
normalized: both
normalized: approaches
normalized: have
normalized: value
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: former
normalized: only
normalized: useful
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: being
normalized: tested
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: typically
normalized: glass
normalized: box
normalized: whereas
normalized: functional
normalized: testing
normalized: usually
normalized: black
normalized: box
normalized: integration
normalized: testing
normalized: after
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: integration
normalized: test
normalized: verifies
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: units
normalized: modules
normalized: can
normalized: communicate
normalized: properly
normalized: with
normalized: each
normalized: others
normalized: interfaces
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: units
normalized: modules
normalized: are
normalized: properly
normalized: implemented
normalized: and
normalized: used
normalized: special
normalized: channels
normalized: connections
normalized: should
normalized: used
normalized: even
normalized: they
normalized: make
normalized: things
normalized: run
normalized: faster
normalized: system
normalized: testing
normalized: also
normalized: known
normalized: big
normalized: bang
normalized: testing
normalized: this
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: put
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: thing
normalized: together
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: tests
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: meets
normalized: the
normalized: stated
normalized: requirements
normalized: without
normalized: causing
normalized: any
normalized: unexpected
normalized: side
normalized: effects
normalized: you
normalized: skip
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: integration
normalized: tests
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: encounter
normalized: serious
normalized: problems
normalized: system
normalized: tests
normalized: problems
normalized: that
normalized: may
normalized: very
normalized: expensive
normalized: fix
normalized: consider
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: without
normalized: integration
normalized: test
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: automated
normalized: means
normalized: running
normalized: and
normalized: running
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: integration
normalized: tests
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: system
normalized: tests
normalized: each
normalized: time
normalized: you
normalized: prepare
normalized: new
normalized: release
normalized: for
normalized: unit
normalized: and
normalized: integration
normalized: tests
normalized: each
normalized: time
normalized: you
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: indeed
normalized: some
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: control
normalized: systems
normalized: automatically
normalized: run
normalized: unit
normalized: and
normalized: integration
normalized: tests
normalized: before
normalized: commit
normalized: accepted
normalized: rejecting
normalized: the
normalized: commit
normalized: any
normalized: tests
normalized: fail
normalized: usability
normalized: testing
normalized: this
normalized: testing
normalized: with
normalized: real
normalized: users
normalized: not
normalized: other
normalized: programmers
normalized: engineers
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: friends
normalized: and
normalized: neighbors
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: users
normalized: when
normalized: this
normalized: isn
normalized: possible
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: really
normalized: work
normalized: hard
normalized: find
normalized: objective
normalized: testers
normalized: who
normalized: will
normalized: act
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: users
normalized: people
normalized: who
normalized: have
normalized: can
normalized: simulate
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: level
normalized: experience
normalized: biases
normalized: and
normalized: past
normalized: experience
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: kinds
normalized: usability
normalized: testers
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: some
normalized: products
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: also
normalized: conduct
normalized: accessability
normalized: testing
normalized: determine
normalized: whether
normalized: your
normalized: software
normalized: accessible
normalized: for
normalized: people
normalized: with
normalized: various
normalized: disabilities
normalized: security
normalized: testing
normalized: security
normalized: tests
normalized: verify
normalized: the
normalized: security
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: sensitive
normalized: data
normalized: are
normalized: always
normalized: encrypted
normalized: passwords
normalized: and
normalized: credit
normalized: card
normalized: numbers
normalized: are
normalized: masked
normalized: and
normalized: sensitive
normalized: data
normalized: securely
normalized: erased
normalized: immediately
normalized: after
normalized: use
normalized: sometimes
normalized: the
normalized: team
normalized: hires
normalized: outside
normalized: testers
normalized: conduct
normalized: penetration
normalized: tests
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: tester
normalized: tries
normalized: break
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: leak
normalized: sensitive
normalized: information
normalized: unfortunately
normalized: one
normalized: can
normalized: never
normalized: prove
normalized: that
normalized: system
normalized: secure
normalized: that
normalized: has
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: lead
normalized: the
normalized: failure
normalized: security
normalized: privacy
normalized: properties
normalized: remember
normalized: dijkstra
normalized: quote
normalized: about
normalized: testing
normalized: one
normalized: can
normalized: only
normalized: demonstrate
normalized: the
normalized: presence
normalized: bugs
normalized: not
normalized: their
normalized: absence
normalized: this
normalized: especially
normalized: true
normalized: for
normalized: security
normalized: performance
normalized: testing
normalized: most
normalized: software
normalized: needs
normalized: perform
normalized: well
normalized: according
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: metrics
normalized: whether
normalized: implicit
normalized: explict
normalized: performance
normalized: metrics
normalized: include
normalized: speed
normalized: how
normalized: long
normalized: does
normalized: take
normalized: complete
normalized: task
normalized: throughput
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: tasks
normalized: completed
normalized: per
normalized: second
normalized: memory
normalized: code
normalized: size
normalized: stack
normalized: size
normalized: heap
normalized: usage
normalized: network
normalized: bandwidth
normalized: energy
normalized: battery
normalized: drain
normalized: cost
normalized: dollars
normalized: such
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: cloud
normalized: resources
normalized: billed
normalized: usage
normalized: performance
normalized: testing
normalized: subjects
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: various
normalized: loads
normalized: measuring
normalized: the
normalized: relevant
normalized: metrics
normalized: determine
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: performs
normalized: within
normalized: acceptable
normalized: bounds
normalized: acceptance
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: ultimate
normalized: test
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: accepts
normalized: your
normalized: product
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: these
normalized: tests
normalized: are
normalized: similar
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: tests
normalized: however
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: occasionly
normalized: encounter
normalized: new
normalized: previously
normalized: unstated
normalized: requirements
normalized: during
normalized: acceptance
normalized: testing
normalized: finally
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: important
normalized: tip
normalized: all
normalized: testing
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: find
normalized: bugs
normalized: once
normalized: once
normalized: you
normalized: one
normalized: your
normalized: testers
normalized: even
normalized: customer
normalized: find
normalized: bug
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: time
normalized: human
normalized: finds
normalized: that
normalized: bug
normalized: once
normalized: identified
normalized: and
normalized: fixed
normalized: your
normalized: automated
normalized: tests
normalized: should
normalized: extended
normalized: check
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: same
normalized: bug
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: run
normalized: finding
normalized: bug
normalized: during
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: lot
normalized: better
normalized: than
normalized: how
normalized: was
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: time
normalized: tips
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: once
normalized: again
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: between
normalized: debugging
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: testing
normalized: determined
normalized: systematic
normalized: attempt
normalized: break
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: think
normalized: should
normalized: working
normalized: discussed
normalized: above
normalized: tools
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: harness
normalized: can
normalized: automate
normalized: this
normalized: process
normalized: debugging
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: crashes
normalized: segfaults
normalized: fails
normalized: answers
normalized: queries
normalized: incorrecly
normalized: underperforms
normalized: runs
normalized: slowly
normalized: acts
normalized: inconsistently
normalized: intermittently
normalized: fails
normalized: certain
normalized: conditions
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: testing
normalized: can
normalized: find
normalized: better
normalized: find
normalized: them
normalized: and
normalized: fix
normalized: them
normalized: test
normalized: early
normalized: test
normalized: often
normalized: test
normalized: automatically
normalized: that
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: should
normalized: begin
normalized: testing
normalized: soon
normalized: have
normalized: something
normalized: test
normalized: makefile
normalized: parsing
normalized: arguments
normalized: initialization
normalized: scaffolding
normalized: first
normalized: units
normalized: the
normalized: sooner
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: your
normalized: bugs
normalized: the
normalized: cheaper
normalized: will
normalized: terms
normalized: your
normalized: time
normalized: others
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: downstream
normalized: support
normalized: costs
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: the
normalized: coding
normalized: ain
normalized: done
normalized: til
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: tests
normalized: run
normalized: furthermore
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: isn
normalized: tested
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: work
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: isn
normalized: regression
normalized: tested
normalized: eventually
normalized: stops
normalized: working
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: isn
normalized: automatically
normalized: regression
normalized: tested
normalized: prove
normalized: works
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: work
normalized: thus
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: build
normalized: automated
normalized: testing
normalized: code
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: makefile
normalized: rules
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: test
normalized: data
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: beginning
normalized: write
normalized: bug
normalized: free
normalized: code
normalized: testing
normalized: waste
normalized: time
normalized: many
normalized: people
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: attitude
normalized: that
normalized: testing
normalized: code
normalized: waste
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: boring
normalized: why
normalized: fred
normalized: brooks
normalized: said
normalized: all
normalized: programmers
normalized: are
normalized: optimists
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: lifecycle
normalized: discussed
normalized: class
normalized: requirements
normalized: design
normalized: coding
normalized: testing
normalized: debugging
normalized: integration
normalized: and
normalized: delivery
normalized: professional
normalized: programmers
normalized: will
normalized: tell
normalized: you
normalized: that
normalized: testing
normalized: and
normalized: debugging
normalized: take
normalized: the
normalized: largest
normalized: chunk
normalized: time
normalized: thus
normalized: smart
normalized: develop
normalized: tools
normalized: automate
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: code
normalized: perhaps
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: important
normalized: tools
normalized: are
normalized: for
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: which
normalized: systematically
normalized: retest
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: periodically
normalized: each
normalized: those
normalized: words
normalized: important
normalized: retest
normalized: they
normalized: test
normalized: older
normalized: parts
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: even
normalized: you
normalized: develop
normalized: new
normalized: parts
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: just
normalized: case
normalized: your
normalized: new
normalized: code
normalized: broke
normalized: the
normalized: old
normalized: code
normalized: systematic
normalized: they
normalized: run
normalized: automatically
normalized: through
normalized: large
normalized: number
normalized: tests
normalized: validating
normalized: the
normalized: results
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: neither
normalized: carelessness
normalized: nor
normalized: laziness
normalized: causes
normalized: you
normalized: overlook
normalized: important
normalized: tests
normalized: periodic
normalized: they
normalized: run
normalized: critical
normalized: points
normalized: the
normalized: development
normalized: process
normalized: certainly
normalized: right
normalized: before
normalized: new
normalized: release
normalized: but
normalized: many
normalized: organizations
normalized: they
normalized: run
normalized: part
normalized: nightly
normalized: build
normalized: that
normalized: compiles
normalized: and
normalized: tests
normalized: the
normalized: entire
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: units
normalized: woe
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: who
normalized: breaks
normalized: the
normalized: nightly
normalized: build
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: regression
normalized: tests
normalized: pass
normalized: then
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: some
normalized: confidence
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: new
normalized: code
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: introduce
normalized: additional
normalized: problems
normalized: more
normalized: accurate
normalized: statement
normalized: might
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: didn
normalized: reintroduce
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: bugs
normalized: that
normalized: already
normalized: knew
normalized: might
normalized: exist
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: code
normalized: first
normalized: and
normalized: keep
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: object
normalized: functions
normalized: jeff
normalized: canna
normalized: observed
normalized: best
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: code
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: code
normalized: this
normalized: ensures
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: paying
normalized: attention
normalized: the
normalized: specifications
normalized: first
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: just
normalized: leaping
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: when
normalized: writing
normalized: these
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: try
normalized: avoid
normalized: any
normalized: testing
normalized: dependence
normalized: things
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: unit
normalized: aim
normalized: produce
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: for
normalized: every
normalized: function
normalized: method
normalized: that
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: code
normalized: user
normalized: will
normalized: invoke
normalized: test
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: earlier
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: problem
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: better
normalized: will
normalized: save
normalized: significant
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: company
normalized: money
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: also
normalized: get
normalized: respect
normalized: from
normalized: other
normalized: programmers
normalized: expect
normalized: most
normalized: you
normalized: sit
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: and
normalized: hack
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: reveal
normalized: and
normalized: fix
normalized: bugs
normalized: you
normalized: hack
normalized: some
normalized: printfs
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: again
normalized: iterating
normalized: hundreds
normalized: times
normalized: this
normalized: brute
normalized: force
normalized: method
normalized: dumb
normalized: slow
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: prone
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: respect
normalized: industry
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: approach
normalized: read
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: think
normalized: like
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: test
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: code
normalized: use
normalized: idioms
normalized: and
normalized: consistent
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: already
normalized: know
normalized: many
normalized: idioms
normalized: even
normalized: haven
normalized: always
normalized: labeled
normalized: them
normalized: that
normalized: way
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: ways
normalized: write
normalized: simple
normalized: loop
normalized: example
normalized: while
normalized: array
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: array
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: array
normalized: any
normalized: human
normalized: language
normalized: has
normalized: idioms
normalized: that
normalized: conventional
normalized: ways
normalized: that
normalized: experienced
normalized: programmers
normalized: write
normalized: common
normalized: pieces
normalized: code
normalized: idioms
normalized: aid
normalized: understanding
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: immediately
normalized: recognizable
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: errors
normalized: their
normalized: use
normalized: also
normalized: quickly
normalized: discernible
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: loops
normalized: above
normalized: would
normalized: work
normalized: but
normalized: they
normalized: not
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: idiom
normalized: for
normalized: such
normalized: loops
normalized: the
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: for
normalized: loop
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: form
normalized: for
normalized: array
normalized: being
normalized: consistent
normalized: when
normalized: programming
normalized: will
normalized: help
normalized: enormously
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: use
normalized: writing
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: code
normalized: then
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: piece
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: stop
normalized: and
normalized: take
normalized: close
normalized: look
normalized: that
normalized: code
normalized: maybe
normalized: boundary
normalized: problem
normalized: more
normalized: likely
normalized: code
normalized: written
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: way
normalized: each
normalized: time
normalized: then
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: either
normalized: suggests
normalized: poor
normalized: code
normalized: some
normalized: genuine
normalized: difference
normalized: exists
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: idiom
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: cover
normalized: either
normalized: way
normalized: take
normalized: second
normalized: close
normalized: look
normalized: convince
normalized: yourself
normalized: its
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: more
normalized: examples
normalized: idioms
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: familiar
normalized: with
normalized: infinite
normalized: loop
normalized: idioms
normalized: for
normalized: while
normalized: malloc
normalized: string
normalized: copy
normalized: idiom
normalized: char
normalized: newp
normalized: malloc
normalized: strlen
normalized: buf
normalized: newp
normalized: null
normalized: strcpy
normalized: newp
normalized: buf
normalized: else
normalized: handle
normalized: the
normalized: malloc
normalized: error
normalized: copying
normalized: characters
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: stdout
normalized: until
normalized: end
normalized: file
normalized: while
normalized: getchar
normalized: eof
normalized: putchar
normalized: traversal
normalized: null
normalized: terminated
normalized: string
normalized: for
normalized: char
normalized: string
normalized: something
normalized: with
normalized: write
normalized: idioms
normalized: much
normalized: possible
normalized: makes
normalized: easier
normalized: spot
normalized: bugs
normalized: and
normalized: harder
normalized: create
normalized: them
normalized: test
normalized: code
normalized: its
normalized: boundaries
normalized: what
normalized: follows
normalized: use
normalized: series
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: from
normalized: illustrate
normalized: how
normalized: code
normalized: remove
normalized: boundary
normalized: bugs
normalized: those
normalized: that
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: boundary
normalized: cases
normalized: loop
normalized: function
normalized: sometimes
normalized: called
normalized: edge
normalized: cases
normalized: boundary
normalized: testing
normalized: assumes
normalized: you
normalized: test
normalized: small
normalized: snippet
normalized: code
normalized: time
normalized: sort
normalized: micro
normalized: testing
normalized: code
normalized: sequences
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: below
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: idioms
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: poorly
normalized: written
normalized: cater
normalized: for
normalized: boundary
normalized: bugs
normalized: every
normalized: time
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: loop
normalized: verify
normalized: the
normalized: boundary
normalized: cases
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: goes
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: number
normalized: times
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: below
normalized: probe
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: boundaries
normalized: empty
normalized: input
normalized: single
normalized: input
normalized: character
normalized: exactly
normalized: full
normalized: array
normalized: but
normalized: could
normalized: malloc
normalized: buffer
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: code
normalized: snippet
normalized: from
normalized: boundary
normalized: test
normalized: empty
normalized: line
normalized: input
normalized: with
normalized: only
normalized: newline
normalized: read
normalized: characters
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: into
normalized: string
normalized: int
normalized: char
normalized: max
normalized: for
normalized: getchar
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: max
normalized: looking
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: thing
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: strike
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: idiom
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: make
normalized: look
normalized: very
normalized: closely
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: logic
normalized: particularly
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: conditional
normalized: logic
normalized: maybe
normalized: after
normalized: studying
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: thinking
normalized: about
normalized: characters
normalized: being
normalized: input
normalized: convince
normalized: ourselves
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: non
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: but
normalized: works
normalized: now
normalized: start
normalized: test
normalized: boundaries
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: simply
normalized: types
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: resulting
normalized: code
normalized: would
normalized: terminate
normalized: immediately
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: iteration
normalized: with
normalized: still
normalized: set
normalized: zero
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: the
normalized: assignment
normalized: statement
normalized: will
normalized: write
normalized: which
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: not
normalized: good
normalized: idea
normalized: boundary
normalized: test
normalized: empty
normalized: line
normalized: input
normalized: with
normalized: only
normalized: eof
normalized: character
normalized: the
normalized: smart
normalized: thing
normalized: rewrite
normalized: this
normalized: convoluted
normalized: loop
normalized: idiom
normalized: and
normalized: solve
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: max
normalized: note
normalized: switch
normalized: the
normalized: idiom
normalized: getchar
normalized: break
normalized: inspecting
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: above
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: see
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: previous
normalized: boundary
normalized: problem
normalized: solved
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: code
normalized: handles
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: solely
normalized: newline
normalized: beautifully
normalized: mentally
normalized: compute
normalized: through
normalized: reading
normalized: characters
normalized: see
normalized: also
normalized: works
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: works
normalized: looks
normalized: good
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: get
normalized: empty
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: eof
normalized: breaks
normalized: another
normalized: pesky
normalized: bug
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: someone
normalized: typing
normalized: control
normalized: eof
normalized: would
normalized: not
normalized: unlikely
normalized: occurrence
normalized: let
normalized: fix
normalized: this
normalized: boundary
normalized: bug
normalized: for
normalized: max
normalized: getchar
normalized: eof
normalized: break
normalized: that
normalized: works
normalized: nice
normalized: piece
normalized: code
normalized: now
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: are
normalized: done
normalized: are
normalized: you
normalized: sure
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: other
normalized: boundary
normalized: problems
normalized: that
normalized: could
normalized: lurk
normalized: here
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: nearly
normalized: full
normalized: does
normalized: work
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: exactly
normalized: full
normalized: over
normalized: full
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: full
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: followed
normalized: newline
normalized: are
normalized: these
normalized: boundary
normalized: conditions
normalized: catered
normalized: for
normalized: will
normalized: leave
normalized: you
normalized: determine
normalized: the
normalized: answer
normalized: that
normalized: question
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: idea
normalized: bugs
normalized: lurk
normalized: boundaries
normalized: conversely
normalized: code
normalized: works
normalized: boundaries
normalized: likely
normalized: work
normalized: elsewhere
normalized: break
normalized: building
normalized: blocks
normalized: purpose
normalized: consider
normalized: one
normalized: your
normalized: important
normalized: building
normalized: block
normalized: functions
normalized: now
normalized: break
normalized: have
normalized: still
normalized: operate
normalized: but
normalized: just
normalized: produce
normalized: goofy
normalized: results
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: our
normalized: tse
normalized: programs
normalized: suppose
normalized: the
normalized: hash
normalized: function
normalized: always
normalized: returned
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: hash
normalized: value
normalized: what
normalized: would
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: would
normalized: run
normalized: perhaps
normalized: more
normalized: slowly
normalized: would
normalized: crash
normalized: many
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: count
normalized: malloc
normalized: function
normalized: help
normalized: track
normalized: the
normalized: balance
normalized: malloc
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: calls
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: them
normalized: for
normalized: every
normalized: memory
normalized: allocation
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: great
normalized: place
normalized: insert
normalized: debugging
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: breakpoints
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: also
normalized: great
normalized: place
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: could
normalized: cause
normalized: cause
normalized: out
normalized: memory
normalized: situation
normalized: after
normalized: some
normalized: number
normalized: calls
normalized: suggested
normalized: kernighan
normalized: and
normalized: pike
normalized: usage
normalized: example
normalized: gcc
normalized: dmemorytestlimit
normalized: void
normalized: count
normalized: malloc
normalized: size
normalized: size
normalized: ifdef
normalized: memorytestlimit
normalized: nmalloc
normalized: memorytestlimit
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: fake
normalized: out
normalized: memory
normalized: condition
normalized: endif
normalized: void
normalized: ptr
normalized: malloc
normalized: size
normalized: ptr
normalized: null
normalized: nmalloc
normalized: return
normalized: ptr
normalized: test
normalized: pre
normalized: and
normalized: post
normalized: conditions
normalized: always
normalized: good
normalized: idea
normalized: test
normalized: for
normalized: pre
normalized: and
normalized: post
normalized: conditions
normalized: pre
normalized: conditions
normalized: are
normalized: those
normalized: you
normalized: expect
normalized: true
normalized: before
normalized: some
normalized: block
normalized: code
normalized: post
normalized: conditions
normalized: are
normalized: those
normalized: you
normalized: expect
normalized: true
normalized: after
normalized: some
normalized: block
normalized: code
normalized: executes
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: have
normalized: already
normalized: used
normalized: defensive
normalized: program
normalized: check
normalized: input
normalized: values
normalized: are
normalized: with
normalized: range
normalized: example
normalized: pre
normalized: condition
normalized: testing
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: another
normalized: simple
normalized: example
normalized: out
normalized: that
normalized: computes
normalized: the
normalized: average
normalized: elements
normalized: array
normalized: closer
normalized: inspection
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: reveals
normalized: that
normalized: there
normalized: problem
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: equal
normalized: float
normalized: avg
normalized: float
normalized: int
normalized: float
normalized: sum
normalized: for
normalized: int
normalized: sum
normalized: return
normalized: sum
normalized: natural
normalized: question
normalized: what
normalized: someone
normalized: calls
normalized: avg
normalized: with
normalized: array
normalized: zero
normalized: elements
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: make
normalized: much
normalized: sense
normalized: but
normalized: average
normalized: does
normalized: should
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: catch
normalized: the
normalized: division
normalized: zero
normalized: perhaps
normalized: with
normalized: assert
normalized: abort
normalized: complain
normalized: silent
normalized: one
normalized: reasonable
normalized: approach
normalized: just
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: average
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: equal
normalized: zero
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: idiomatic
normalized: style
normalized: need
normalized: tweak
normalized: test
normalized: pre
normalized: condition
normalized: shown
normalized: below
normalized: note
normalized: return
normalized: sum
normalized: double
normalized: avg
normalized: double
normalized: int
normalized: return
normalized: float
normalized: sum
normalized: for
normalized: int
normalized: sum
normalized: return
normalized: sum
normalized: use
normalized: assert
normalized: provides
normalized: assertion
normalized: facility
normalized: assert
normalized: useful
normalized: for
normalized: pre
normalized: and
normalized: post
normalized: condition
normalized: testing
normalized: asserts
normalized: are
normalized: usually
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: unexpected
normalized: failure
normalized: where
normalized: there
normalized: clean
normalized: way
normalized: recover
normalized: the
normalized: logic
normalized: control
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: our
normalized: above
normalized: avg
normalized: function
normalized: could
normalized: include
normalized: different
normalized: solution
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: assert
normalized: function
normalized: float
normalized: avg
normalized: float
normalized: int
normalized: assert
normalized: float
normalized: sum
normalized: for
normalized: int
normalized: sum
normalized: return
normalized: sum
normalized: the
normalized: assertion
normalized: fact
normalized: violated
normalized: will
normalized: cause
normalized: abort
normalized: and
normalized: standard
normalized: message
normalized: printed
normalized: out
normalized: assertion
normalized: failed
normalized: file
normalized: avgtest
normalized: line
normalized: abort
normalized: crash
normalized: assertions
normalized: should
normalized: used
normalized: only
normalized: for
normalized: testing
normalized: this
normalized: should
normalized: never
normalized: happen
normalized: kinds
normalized: conditions
normalized: other
normalized: errors
normalized: especially
normalized: those
normalized: caused
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: should
normalized: handled
normalized: more
normalized: gracefully
normalized: wrote
normalized: own
normalized: assert
normalized: function
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: most
normalized: tse
normalized: code
normalized: void
normalized: assertp
normalized: void
normalized: char
normalized: message
normalized: null
normalized: fprintf
normalized: stderr
normalized: malloc
normalized: failed
normalized: message
normalized: exit
normalized: return
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: acts
normalized: like
normalized: pass
normalized: through
normalized: function
normalized: when
normalized: all
normalized: well
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: coming
normalized: from
normalized: malloc
normalized: returned
normalized: assertp
normalized: and
normalized: saved
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: that
normalized: point
normalized: assured
normalized: non
normalized: null
normalized: when
normalized: assertp
normalized: receives
normalized: null
normalized: pointer
normalized: prints
normalized: message
normalized: stderr
normalized: and
normalized: exits
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: most
normalized: functions
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: inbound
normalized: pointers
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: null
normalized: where
normalized: null
normalized: not
normalized: valid
normalized: expected
normalized: assertp
normalized: page
normalized: page
normalized: save
normalized: gets
normalized: null
normalized: page
normalized: assertp
normalized: page
normalized: url
normalized: page
normalized: save
normalized: gets
normalized: null
normalized: page
normalized: url
normalized: assertp
normalized: page
normalized: html
normalized: page
normalized: save
normalized: gets
normalized: null
normalized: page
normalized: html
normalized: assertp
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: page
normalized: save
normalized: gets
normalized: null
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: test
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: unexpected
normalized: aka
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: indexer
normalized: uses
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: for
normalized: checking
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: logically
normalized: correct
normalized: that
normalized: path
normalized: actually
normalized: existed
normalized: but
normalized: useful
normalized: technique
normalized: when
normalized: coding
normalized: expect
normalized: the
normalized: unexpected
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: unexpected
normalized: adding
normalized: checks
normalized: for
normalized: avg
normalized: example
normalized: another
normalized: below
normalized: grade
normalized: grade
normalized: can
normalized: happen
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: letter
normalized: else
normalized: grade
normalized: letter
normalized: else
normalized: other
normalized: examples
normalized: include
normalized: out
normalized: range
normalized: subscripts
normalized: null
normalized: pointers
normalized: divide
normalized: zero
normalized: this
normalized: especially
normalized: important
normalized: for
normalized: physical
normalized: systems
normalized: the
normalized: controlling
normalized: software
normalized: must
normalized: aware
normalized: the
normalized: limitations
normalized: the
normalized: physical
normalized: system
normalized: otherwise
normalized: seeming
normalized: valid
normalized: perhaps
normalized: unusual
normalized: software
normalized: interactions
normalized: could
normalized: lead
normalized: disaster
normalized: see
normalized: this
normalized: video
normalized: the
normalized: effect
normalized: some
normalized: process
normalized: control
normalized: software
normalized: hacking
normalized: plan
normalized: for
normalized: automate
normalized: able
normalized: and
normalized: repeatable
normalized: tests
normalized: amp
normalized: recommend
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: output
normalized: should
normalized: always
normalized: contain
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: parameter
normalized: settings
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: results
normalized: can
normalized: matched
normalized: the
normalized: parameter
normalized: settings
normalized: furthermore
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: able
normalized: precisely
normalized: recreate
normalized: the
normalized: conditions
normalized: that
normalized: test
normalized: accurately
normalized: possible
normalized: some
normalized: situations
normalized: complicate
normalized: this
normalized: goal
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: uses
normalized: random
normalized: numbers
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: some
normalized: way
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: seed
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: sequence
normalized: random
normalized: numbers
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: run
normalized: alternatively
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: have
normalized: file
normalized: random
normalized: numbers
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: during
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: random
normalized: number
normalized: function
normalized: just
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: one
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: another
normalized: situation
normalized: which
normalized: poses
normalized: challenge
normalized: here
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: presence
normalized: asynchronous
normalized: processes
normalized: these
normalized: could
normalized: simple
normalized: collection
normalized: independent
normalized: and
normalized: variable
normalized: length
normalized: timers
normalized: complicated
normalized: distributed
normalized: real
normalized: time
normalized: process
normalized: control
normalized: system
normalized: managing
normalized: the
normalized: flow
normalized: product
normalized: through
normalized: refinery
normalized: process
normalized: always
normalized: check
normalized: error
normalized: returns
normalized: from
normalized: functions
normalized: really
normalized: good
normalized: programmer
normalized: will
normalized: always
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: return
normalized: status
normalized: from
normalized: functions
normalized: system
normalized: calls
normalized: and
normalized: libraries
normalized: you
normalized: neglect
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: return
normalized: status
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: really
normalized: worked
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: assumes
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: fail
normalized: but
normalized: did
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: resulting
normalized: segfault
normalized: error
normalized: will
normalized: hard
normalized: debug
normalized: better
normalized: always
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: status
normalized: returned
normalized: functions
normalized: another
normalized: example
normalized: from
normalized: kernighan
normalized: and
normalized: pike
normalized: fopen
normalized: outfile
normalized: null
normalized: file
normalized: could
normalized: not
normalized: opened
normalized: while
normalized: some
normalized: expression
normalized: fprintf
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: there
normalized: error
normalized: fclose
normalized: eof
normalized: some
normalized: output
normalized: error
normalized: occurred
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: status
normalized: fprintf
normalized: not
normalized: checked
normalized: what
normalized: fails
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: written
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: lost
normalized: summary
normalized: test
normalized: incrementally
normalized: and
normalized: build
normalized: confidence
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: write
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: run
normalized: once
normalized: fixes
normalized: changes
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: made
normalized: write
normalized: self
normalized: contained
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: test
normalized: inputs
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: dataflow
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: test
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: paths
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: stress
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: start
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: advance
normalized: test
normalized: crawler
normalized: depths
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: don
normalized: implement
normalized: new
normalized: features
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: known
normalized: bugs
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: runtime
normalized: environment
normalized: important
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: implementation
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: purpose
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: environment
normalized: mind
normalized: test
normalized: for
normalized: portability
normalized: run
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: tests
normalized: multiple
normalized: machines
normalized: oss
normalized: before
normalized: shipping
normalized: code
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: any
normalized: debug
normalized: test
normalized: modes
normalized: are
normalized: turned
normalized: off
normalized: you
normalized: follow
normalized: least
normalized: the
normalized: tips
normalized: these
normalized: notes
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: write
normalized: better
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: have
normalized: considerably
normalized: fewer
normalized: bugs
normalized: tips
normalized: from
normalized: google
normalized: google
normalized: testing
normalized: frameworks
normalized: puts
normalized: the
normalized: goals
normalized: testing
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: and
normalized: clearly
normalized: applicable
normalized: programming
normalized: and
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: well
normalized: functional
normalized: and
normalized: system
normalized: testing
normalized: tests
normalized: should
normalized: independent
normalized: and
normalized: repeatable
normalized: tests
normalized: should
normalized: portable
normalized: and
normalized: reusable
normalized: when
normalized: tests
normalized: fail
normalized: they
normalized: should
normalized: provide
normalized: much
normalized: information
normalized: possible
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: failure
normalized: the
normalized: testing
normalized: framework
normalized: should
normalized: handle
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: tracking
normalized: successful
normalized: and
normalized: unsuccessful
normalized: tests
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: tests
normalized: should
normalized: fast
normalized: possible
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: will
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: feedback
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: mid
normalized: term
normalized: survey
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: effective
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: isolate
normalized: each
normalized: functional
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: demonstrate
normalized: that
normalized: each
normalized: those
normalized: parts
normalized: working
normalized: properly
normalized: short
normalized: online
normalized: reference
normalized: jeff
normalized: canna
normalized: testing
normalized: fun
normalized: really
normalized: although
normalized: talking
normalized: mostly
normalized: about
normalized: java
normalized: his
normalized: insights
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: are
normalized: superb
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: tell
normalized: developer
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: doing
normalized: things
normalized: right
normalized: functional
normalized: tests
normalized: tell
normalized: developer
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: doing
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: things
normalized: jeff
normalized: canna
normalized: testing
normalized: fun
normalized: really
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: developer
normalized: perspective
normalized: and
normalized: focus
normalized: particular
normalized: methods
normalized: the
normalized: class
normalized: under
normalized: test
normalized: jeff
normalized: canna
normalized: testing
normalized: fun
normalized: really
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: guidelines
normalized: when
normalized: writing
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: from
normalized: jeff
normalized: canna
normalized: testing
normalized: fun
normalized: really
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: before
normalized: writing
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: class
normalized: tests
normalized: capture
normalized: code
normalized: comments
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: test
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: public
normalized: methods
normalized: that
normalized: perform
normalized: interesting
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: getters
normalized: and
normalized: setters
normalized: unless
normalized: they
normalized: their
normalized: getting
normalized: and
normalized: setting
normalized: some
normalized: unique
normalized: way
normalized: put
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: package
normalized: the
normalized: class
normalized: testing
normalized: gain
normalized: access
normalized: package
normalized: and
normalized: protected
normalized: members
normalized: avoid
normalized: using
normalized: domain
normalized: specific
normalized: objects
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: our
normalized: binary
normalized: tree
normalized: today
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: available
normalized: unzip
normalized: the
normalized: tree
normalized: examples
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: tree
normalized: example
normalized: demonstrated
normalized: binary
normalized: tree
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: here
normalized: enhance
normalized: become
normalized: treea
normalized: computer
normalized: scientist
normalized: comes
normalized: next
normalized: after
normalized: look
normalized: treea
normalized: tree
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: makefile
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: notice
normalized: three
normalized: things
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: now
normalized: has
normalized: main
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: bottom
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: protected
normalized: inside
normalized: ifdef
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: endif
normalized: only
normalized: compiled
normalized: when
normalized: want
normalized: compile
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: preceding
normalized: main
normalized: include
normalized: unittest
normalized: pick
normalized: several
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: macros
normalized: which
normalized: explain
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: now
normalized: has
normalized: unittest
normalized: target
normalized: which
normalized: builds
normalized: distinct
normalized: executable
normalized: and
normalized: unit
normalized: target
normalized: which
normalized: runs
normalized: the
normalized: unittest
normalized: target
normalized: unusual
normalized: that
normalized: explicitly
normalized: mentions
normalized: dependency
normalized: test
normalized: normally
normalized: make
normalized: automatically
normalized: recognizes
normalized: the
normalized: dependency
normalized: between
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: rarely
normalized: see
normalized: rules
normalized: with
normalized: dependency
normalized: files
normalized: here
normalized: because
normalized: there
normalized: unittest
normalized: always
normalized: build
normalized: unittest
normalized: from
normalized: tree
normalized: with
normalized: special
normalized: flag
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: tree
normalized: must
normalized: explicitly
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: pieces
normalized: that
normalized: into
normalized: building
normalized: unitest
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: macros
normalized: the
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: makes
normalized: heavy
normalized: use
normalized: some
normalized: macros
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: recognized
normalized: and
normalized: textually
normalized: replaced
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: even
normalized: runs
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: useful
normalized: put
normalized: them
normalized: separate
normalized: unittest
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: textually
normalized: include
normalized: them
normalized: test
normalized: when
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: defined
normalized: show
normalized: the
normalized: core
normalized: unittest
normalized: below
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: macros
normalized: note
normalized: how
normalized: define
normalized: fragments
normalized: code
normalized: with
normalized: each
normalized: define
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: two
normalized: even
normalized: take
normalized: parameters
normalized: when
normalized: scanning
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: does
normalized: textual
normalized: substitution
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: defined
normalized: symbol
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: evaluate
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: all
normalized: just
normalized: substitutes
normalized: the
normalized: remainder
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: symbol
normalized: and
normalized: after
normalized: space
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: wherever
normalized: sees
normalized: that
normalized: symbol
normalized: optionally
normalized: inserting
normalized: the
normalized: parameter
normalized: wherever
normalized: appears
normalized: the
normalized: macro
normalized: body
normalized: because
normalized: each
normalized: definition
normalized: must
normalized: appear
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: had
normalized: use
normalized: line
normalized: continuation
normalized: character
normalized: backslash
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: character
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: let
normalized: format
normalized: the
normalized: definitions
normalized: human
normalized: readable
normalized: way
normalized: lined
normalized: the
normalized: backslashes
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: look
normalized: neat
normalized: each
normalized: test
normalized: should
normalized: start
normalized: setting
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: count
normalized: zero
normalized: define
normalized: start
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: name
normalized: int
normalized: failures
normalized: char
normalized: testname
normalized: name
normalized: check
normalized: condition
normalized: false
normalized: print
normalized: warning
normalized: message
normalized: expect
normalized: dict
normalized: start
normalized: null
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: converts
normalized: line
normalized: into
normalized: line
normalized: number
normalized: where
normalized: this
normalized: macro
normalized: was
normalized: used
normalized: and
normalized: converts
normalized: into
normalized: string
normalized: constant
normalized: for
normalized: arg
normalized: define
normalized: expect
normalized: failures
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: line
normalized: testname
normalized: line
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: test
normalized: define
normalized: end
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: failures
normalized: printf
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: testname
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: test
normalized: with
normalized: errors
normalized: testname
normalized: failures
normalized: define
normalized: test
normalized: result
normalized: failures
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: defines
normalized: special
normalized: macro
normalized: line
normalized: that
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: number
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: each
normalized: source
normalized: line
normalized: processed
normalized: this
normalized: great
normalized: for
normalized: printing
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: number
normalized: where
normalized: our
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: failed
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: also
normalized: has
normalized: special
normalized: syntax
normalized: parameter
normalized: that
normalized: substitutes
normalized: string
normalized: constant
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: the
normalized: parameter
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: right
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: expect
normalized: macro
normalized: thus
normalized: expect
normalized: tree
normalized: null
normalized: will
normalized: produce
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: ends
normalized: with
normalized: tree
normalized: null
normalized: enabling
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: number
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: condition
normalized: that
normalized: failed
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: that
normalized: with
normalized: only
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: warning
normalized: strongly
normalized: discourage
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: macros
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: times
normalized: however
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: tool
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: job
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: one
normalized: those
normalized: times
normalized: the
normalized: macros
normalized: are
normalized: meant
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: constructing
normalized: small
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: one
normalized: create
normalized: and
normalized: validate
normalized: empty
normalized: tree
normalized: int
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: start
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: newtree
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: new
normalized: expect
normalized: tree
normalized: null
normalized: expect
normalized: tree
normalized: root
normalized: null
normalized: expect
normalized: tree
normalized: find
normalized: tree
normalized: hello
normalized: null
normalized: tree
normalized: delete
normalized: tree
normalized: null
normalized: expect
normalized: count
normalized: net
normalized: end
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: return
normalized: test
normalized: result
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: test
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: empty
normalized: tree
normalized: try
normalized: find
normalized: something
normalized: and
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: tree
normalized: notice
normalized: though
normalized: that
normalized: actually
normalized: peek
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: struct
normalized: tree
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: members
normalized: are
normalized: set
normalized: correctly
normalized: note
normalized: too
normalized: how
normalized: used
normalized: those
normalized: new
normalized: macros
normalized: using
normalized: start
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: give
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: initialize
normalized: everything
normalized: expect
normalized: indicate
normalized: the
normalized: conditions
normalized: expect
normalized: true
normalized: end
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: summary
normalized: and
normalized: clean
normalized: and
normalized: return
normalized: test
normalized: result
normalized: provide
normalized: return
normalized: value
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: here
normalized: how
normalized: that
normalized: code
normalized: looks
normalized: after
normalized: running
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: with
normalized: gcc
normalized: dunit
normalized: test
normalized: tree
normalized: int
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: int
normalized: failures
normalized: char
normalized: testname
normalized: newtree
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: tree
normalized: new
normalized: tree
normalized: void
normalized: failures
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: line
normalized: testname
normalized: tree
normalized: null
normalized: tree
normalized: root
normalized: void
normalized: failures
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: line
normalized: testname
normalized: tree
normalized: root
normalized: null
normalized: tree
normalized: find
normalized: tree
normalized: hello
normalized: void
normalized: failures
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: line
normalized: testname
normalized: tree
normalized: find
normalized: tree
normalized: hello
normalized: null
normalized: tree
normalized: delete
normalized: tree
normalized: void
normalized: count
normalized: net
normalized: failures
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: line
normalized: testname
normalized: count
normalized: net
normalized: failures
normalized: printf
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: testname
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: test
normalized: with
normalized: errors
normalized: testname
normalized: failures
normalized: return
normalized: failures
normalized: you
normalized: look
normalized: closely
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: bits
normalized: code
normalized: like
normalized: tree
normalized: delete
normalized: tree
normalized: null
normalized: with
normalized: null
normalized: expanded
normalized: well
normalized: the
normalized: expanded
normalized: expect
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: macros
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: program
normalized: runs
normalized: series
normalized: unit
normalized: tests
normalized: and
normalized: prints
normalized: error
normalized: any
normalized: them
normalized: failed
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: int
normalized: failed
normalized: failed
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: failed
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: failed
normalized: test
normalized: treeleft
normalized: failed
normalized: test
normalized: treefind
normalized: failed
normalized: printf
normalized: fail
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: failed
normalized: return
normalized: failed
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: pass
normalized: all
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: return
normalized: here
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: when
normalized: everything
normalized: passes
normalized: make
normalized: unit
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: memory
normalized: memory
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: dunit
normalized: test
normalized: tree
normalized: memory
normalized: unittest
normalized: unittest
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: treeleft
normalized: ann
normalized: bob
normalized: cheri
normalized: dave
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: treefind
normalized: pass
normalized: all
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: when
normalized: failure
normalized: occurs
normalized: could
normalized: either
normalized: break
normalized: the
normalized: tree
normalized: code
normalized: which
normalized: rather
normalized: not
normalized: break
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: latter
normalized: changing
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: expect
normalized: tree
normalized: find
normalized: tree
normalized: abcd
normalized: amp
normalized: data
normalized: expect
normalized: tree
normalized: find
normalized: tree
normalized: abcd
normalized: null
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: again
normalized: make
normalized: unit
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: dunit
normalized: test
normalized: tree
normalized: memory
normalized: unittest
normalized: unittest
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: fail
normalized: newtree
normalized: line
normalized: tree
normalized: find
normalized: tree
normalized: abcd
normalized: null
normalized: fail
normalized: test
normalized: newtree
normalized: with
normalized: errors
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: treeleft
normalized: ann
normalized: bob
normalized: cheri
normalized: dave
normalized: pass
normalized: test
normalized: treefind
normalized: fail
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: make
normalized: unit
normalized: error
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: exited
normalized: with
normalized: error
normalized: that
normalized: because
normalized: unittest
normalized: exited
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: end
normalized: main
normalized: cunit
normalized: test
normalized: framework
normalized: although
normalized: don
normalized: have
normalized: time
normalized: study
normalized: any
normalized: professional
normalized: frameworks
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: several
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: frameworks
normalized: available
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: check
normalized: and
normalized: cunit
normalized: here
normalized: example
normalized: using
normalized: cunit
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: will
normalized: design
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: our
normalized: other
normalized: modules
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: goals
normalized: reflect
normalized: our
normalized: design
normalized: principles
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: specs
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: for
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: index
normalized: key
normalized: points
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: what
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: ideas
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: first
normalized: separate
normalized: application
normalized: specific
normalized: logic
normalized: from
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: utility
normalized: modules
normalized: leveraging
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: modules
normalized: from
normalized: lab
normalized: coding
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: specfic
normalized: logic
normalized: much
normalized: cleaner
normalized: and
normalized: simpler
normalized: than
normalized: were
normalized: woven
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: code
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: weaves
normalized: the
normalized: logic
normalized: web
normalized: crawling
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: any
normalized: your
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: you
normalized: missed
normalized: this
normalized: opportunity
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: likely
normalized: more
normalized: complicated
normalized: more
normalized: buggy
normalized: harder
normalized: debug
normalized: harder
normalized: test
normalized: harder
normalized: maintain
normalized: and
normalized: much
normalized: harder
normalized: reuse
normalized: and
normalized: extend
normalized: second
normalized: note
normalized: good
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: design
normalized: key
normalized: successful
normalized: projects
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: remains
normalized: simple
normalized: because
normalized: chose
normalized: two
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: bag
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: pages
normalized: yet
normalized: crawl
normalized: and
normalized: hashtable
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: urls
normalized: already
normalized: seen
normalized: that
normalized: support
normalized: the
normalized: overall
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: hand
normalized: when
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: querier
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: that
normalized: need
normalized: adjust
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: provide
normalized: slightly
normalized: different
normalized: functionality
normalized: factor
normalized: out
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: needs
normalized: used
normalized: multiple
normalized: components
normalized: hard
normalized: have
normalized: perfect
normalized: foresight
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: final
normalized: decisions
normalized: decision
normalized: cast
normalized: stone
normalized: instead
normalized: consider
normalized: each
normalized: being
normalized: written
normalized: the
normalized: sand
normalized: the
normalized: beach
normalized: and
normalized: plan
normalized: for
normalized: change
normalized: not
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: decisions
normalized: made
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: crawler
normalized: made
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: final
normalized: code
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: you
normalized: say
normalized: sounded
normalized: like
normalized: good
normalized: idea
normalized: design
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: process
normalized: precisely
normalized: that
normalized: process
normalized: not
normalized: programmer
normalized: one
normalized: way
normalized: street
normalized: but
normalized: more
normalized: like
normalized: chef
normalized: crafting
normalized: new
normalized: dish
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: plan
normalized: that
normalized: everyone
normalized: agrees
normalized: you
normalized: begin
normalized: execute
normalized: that
normalized: plan
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: conditions
normalized: change
normalized: and
normalized: unexpected
normalized: interactions
normalized: arise
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: handle
normalized: them
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: still
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: goal
normalized: finally
normalized: many
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: found
normalized: that
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: can
normalized: automate
normalized: testing
normalized: far
normalized: easier
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: writing
normalized: bash
normalized: script
normalized: drive
normalized: various
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: examine
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: for
normalized: correctness
normalized: than
normalized: manually
normalized: run
normalized: variety
normalized: tests
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: new
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: even
normalized: better
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: regress
normalized: script
normalized: from
normalized: lab
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: luke
normalized: know
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: tools
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: the
normalized: job
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: documents
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: build
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: mapping
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: documents
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: that
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: answer
normalized: queries
normalized: now
normalized: good
normalized: time
normalized: read
normalized: section
normalized: searching
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: the
normalized: paper
normalized: about
normalized: search
normalized: engines
normalized: today
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: shows
normalized: some
normalized: classroom
normalized: demos
normalized: lists
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: structure
normalized: complete
normalized: and
normalized: clean
normalized: tse
normalized: directory
normalized: another
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: recreation
normalized: indexer
normalized: demo
normalized: ran
normalized: class
normalized: shows
normalized: how
normalized: indextest
normalized: might
normalized: look
normalized: indexer
normalized: requirements
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: will
normalized: discuss
normalized: ideas
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: design
normalized: indexer
normalized: design
normalized: you
normalized: writing
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: specs
normalized: part
normalized: lab
normalized: help
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: started
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: sketch
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: pseudo
normalized: code
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: need
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: represent
normalized: the
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: called
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: because
normalized: maps
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: documents
normalized: the
normalized: opposite
normalized: document
normalized: itself
normalized: sequence
normalized: words
normalized: hashtable
normalized: great
normalized: start
normalized: because
normalized: can
normalized: look
normalized: word
normalized: hashtable
normalized: time
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: hashtable
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: need
normalized: list
normalized: documents
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: documents
normalized: themselves
normalized: silly
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: ids
normalized: actually
normalized: enable
normalized: later
normalized: rank
normalized: the
normalized: matches
normalized: also
normalized: like
normalized: record
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: word
normalized: appears
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: have
normalized: handy
normalized: hashtable
normalized: set
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: counters
normalized: and
normalized: tree
normalized: hashtable
normalized: countersets
normalized: perfect
normalized: map
normalized: from
normalized: word
normalized: list
normalized: docid
normalized: count
normalized: pairs
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: diagram
normalized: below
normalized: get
normalized: use
normalized: three
normalized: out
normalized: our
normalized: four
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: hashtable
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: counters
normalized: when
normalized: processing
normalized: given
normalized: document
normalized: identified
normalized: docid
normalized: consider
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: look
normalized: that
normalized: word
normalized: the
normalized: hashtable
normalized: and
normalized: retrieve
normalized: pointer
normalized: counters
normalized: item
normalized: then
normalized: use
normalized: counters
normalized: add
normalized: that
normalized: item
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: docid
normalized: key
normalized: your
normalized: data
normalized: set
normalized: iterators
normalized: like
normalized: hashtable
normalized: iterate
normalized: should
normalized: very
normalized: useful
normalized: for
normalized: saving
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: later
normalized: loading
normalized: index
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: indexer
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: very
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: indextest
normalized: indexer
normalized: process
normalized: and
normalized: validate
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: parameters
normalized: initialize
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: index
normalized: index
normalized: build
normalized: directory
normalized: index
normalized: index
normalized: save
normalized: file
normalized: index
normalized: clean
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: indextest
normalized: process
normalized: and
normalized: validate
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: parameters
normalized: initialize
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: index
normalized: index
normalized: load
normalized: file
normalized: index
normalized: index
normalized: save
normalized: file
normalized: index
normalized: clean
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: iterators
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: iterators
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: about
normalized: iterators
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: uses
normalized: what
normalized: iterator
normalized: how
normalized: coded
normalized: the
normalized: context
normalized: our
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: how
normalized: leverages
normalized: function
normalized: pointers
normalized: passing
normalized: arguments
normalized: interators
normalized: several
normalized: uses
normalized: iterators
normalized: why
normalized: iterators
normalized: iterators
normalized: are
normalized: powerful
normalized: concept
normalized: especially
normalized: when
normalized: writing
normalized: abstract
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: that
normalized: represents
normalized: collection
normalized: have
normalized: several
normalized: such
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: tree
normalized: bag
normalized: set
normalized: hashtable
normalized: and
normalized: counters
normalized: the
normalized: collection
normalized: implements
normalized: iterator
normalized: can
normalized: apply
normalized: some
normalized: function
normalized: every
normalized: item
normalized: that
normalized: collection
normalized: for
normalized: printing
normalized: counting
normalized: modifying
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: combining
normalized: multiple
normalized: collections
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: iterators
normalized: helpful
normalized: writing
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: lab
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: find
normalized: iterators
normalized: helpful
normalized: combining
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: matches
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: matches
normalized: for
normalized: another
normalized: word
normalized: coding
normalized: iterator
normalized: lab
normalized: asked
normalized: you
normalized: include
normalized: iterate
normalized: method
normalized: each
normalized: set
normalized: hashtable
normalized: and
normalized: counters
normalized: you
normalized: saw
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: method
normalized: example
normalized: iterate
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: bag
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: function
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: passing
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: and
normalized: argument
normalized: ignore
normalized: null
normalized: bag
normalized: null
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: void
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: bag
normalized: null
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: null
normalized: call
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: with
normalized: arg
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: for
normalized: bagnode
normalized: node
normalized: bag
normalized: head
normalized: node
normalized: null
normalized: node
normalized: node
normalized: next
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: arg
normalized: node
normalized: item
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: begins
normalized: with
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: accidentally
normalized: calls
normalized: with
normalized: null
normalized: parameters
normalized: otherwise
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: simple
normalized: for
normalized: loop
normalized: stepping
normalized: through
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: this
normalized: iterator
normalized: makes
normalized: promise
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: which
normalized: processes
normalized: items
normalized: after
normalized: all
normalized: bag
normalized: unordered
normalized: unlabeled
normalized: collection
normalized: things
normalized: function
normalized: pointers
normalized: recall
normalized: our
normalized: discussion
normalized: function
normalized: pointers
normalized: from
normalized: earlier
normalized: the
normalized: term
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: parameter
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: declares
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: pointer
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: itself
normalized: takes
normalized: two
normalized: parameters
normalized: arg
normalized: and
normalized: data
normalized: both
normalized: are
normalized: void
normalized: pointers
normalized: that
normalized: pointers
normalized: some
normalized: unspecified
normalized: type
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: iterator
normalized: receives
normalized: function
normalized: pointer
normalized: from
normalized: its
normalized: caller
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: arg
normalized: data
normalized: parameters
normalized: are
normalized: arbitrary
normalized: pointers
normalized: this
normalized: iterator
normalized: can
normalized: work
normalized: items
normalized: any
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: compute
normalized: any
normalized: sort
normalized: function
normalized: those
normalized: items
normalized: making
normalized: truly
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: look
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: for
normalized: loop
normalized: where
normalized: call
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: here
normalized: dereference
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: pointer
normalized: get
normalized: function
normalized: then
normalized: call
normalized: with
normalized: two
normalized: parameters
normalized: the
normalized: arg
normalized: provided
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: item
normalized: syntactically
normalized: have
normalized: wrap
normalized: the
normalized: dereference
normalized: parentheses
normalized: but
normalized: otherwise
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: function
normalized: call
normalized: arguments
normalized: sometimes
normalized: though
normalized: not
normalized: always
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: way
normalized: communicating
normalized: other
normalized: information
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: not
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: our
normalized: iterator
normalized: can
normalized: provide
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: iterator
normalized: takes
normalized: arg
normalized: pointer
normalized: arbitrary
normalized: something
normalized: and
normalized: passes
normalized: right
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: this
normalized: mechanism
normalized: general
normalized: purpose
normalized: pass
normalized: arg
normalized: null
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: has
normalized: need
normalized: send
normalized: additional
normalized: arguments
normalized: its
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: pass
normalized: pointer
normalized: simple
normalized: variable
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: just
normalized: needs
normalized: get
normalized: information
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: indeed
normalized: that
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: passed
normalized: reference
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: can
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: needed
normalized: furthermore
normalized: the
normalized: caller
normalized: needs
normalized: send
normalized: multiple
normalized: things
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: can
normalized: pass
normalized: pointer
normalized: struct
normalized: holding
normalized: those
normalized: things
normalized: see
normalized: examples
normalized: writing
normalized: some
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: uses
normalized: our
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: and
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: functions
normalized: examples
normalized: with
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: three
normalized: examples
normalized: from
normalized: bagtest
normalized: printing
normalized: first
normalized: let
normalized: suppose
normalized: don
normalized: have
normalized: don
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: existing
normalized: bag
normalized: print
normalized: method
normalized: which
normalized: tends
normalized: print
normalized: some
normalized: text
normalized: formatting
normalized: around
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: our
normalized: new
normalized: iterator
normalized: printf
normalized: simpleprint
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: bag
normalized: stdout
normalized: simpleprint
normalized: printf
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: item
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: file
normalized: just
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: stock
normalized: symbol
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: simpleprint
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: file
normalized: arg
normalized: struct
normalized: stock
normalized: stp
normalized: item
normalized: null
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: stp
normalized: null
normalized: fprintf
normalized: stp
normalized: symbol
normalized: here
normalized: pass
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: pointer
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: arg
normalized: parameter
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: simpleprint
normalized: immediately
normalized: copies
normalized: its
normalized: arg
normalized: data
normalized: parameters
normalized: into
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: type
normalized: that
normalized: gives
normalized: them
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: names
normalized: allows
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: follows
normalized: and
normalized: allows
normalized: use
normalized: structure
normalized: pointers
normalized: like
normalized: stp
normalized: reach
normalized: members
normalized: those
normalized: structures
normalized: counting
normalized: even
normalized: simpler
normalized: could
normalized: just
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: items
normalized: but
normalized: where
normalized: put
normalized: the
normalized: counter
normalized: define
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: and
normalized: pass
normalized: its
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: arg
normalized: printf
normalized: count
normalized: int
normalized: nitems
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: bag
normalized: amp
normalized: nitems
normalized: itemcount
normalized: printf
normalized: nitems
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: non
normalized: null
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: note
normalized: here
normalized: don
normalized: care
normalized: what
normalized: kind
normalized: item
normalized: bag
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: itemcount
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: int
normalized: nitems
normalized: arg
normalized: nitems
normalized: null
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: item
normalized: null
normalized: nitems
normalized: multiple
normalized: arguments
normalized: what
normalized: want
normalized: two
normalized: counters
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: bagtest
normalized: read
normalized: stock
normalized: quotes
normalized: symbol
normalized: previous
normalized: closing
normalized: price
normalized: current
normalized: price
normalized: and
normalized: trading
normalized: volume
normalized: let
normalized: just
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: gainers
normalized: and
normalized: number
normalized: losers
normalized: little
normalized: structure
normalized: carry
normalized: two
normalized: counters
normalized: struct
normalized: gainloss
normalized: int
normalized: ngainers
normalized: int
normalized: nlosers
normalized: printf
normalized: changes
normalized: struct
normalized: gainloss
normalized: changes
normalized: bag
normalized: iterate
normalized: bag
normalized: amp
normalized: changes
normalized: stockgainloss
normalized: printf
normalized: gainers
normalized: losers
normalized: changes
normalized: ngainers
normalized: changes
normalized: nlosers
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: gainers
normalized: and
normalized: losers
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: stockgainloss
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: struct
normalized: gainloss
normalized: arg
normalized: struct
normalized: stock
normalized: stp
normalized: item
normalized: null
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: stp
normalized: null
normalized: stp
normalized: price
normalized: stp
normalized: close
normalized: ngainers
normalized: stp
normalized: price
normalized: stp
normalized: close
normalized: nlosers
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: stucture
normalized: defined
normalized: our
normalized: use
normalized: iterator
normalized: very
normalized: much
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: previous
normalized: example
normalized: define
normalized: and
normalized: initialize
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: pass
normalized: pointer
normalized: that
normalized: variable
normalized: our
normalized: arg
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: copies
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: into
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: relevant
normalized: type
normalized: can
normalized: access
normalized: and
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: necessary
normalized: malloc
normalized: space
normalized: order
normalized: pass
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: iterator
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: amp
normalized: changes
normalized: pointer
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: examples
normalized: with
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: nice
normalized: because
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: but
normalized: can
normalized: more
normalized: interesting
normalized: things
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: items
normalized: have
normalized: key
normalized: well
normalized: let
normalized: use
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: for
normalized: two
normalized: examples
normalized: see
normalized: terminal
normalized: script
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: run
normalized: merging
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: start
normalized: with
normalized: simple
normalized: case
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: sets
normalized: represent
normalized: schools
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: school
normalized: see
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: note
normalized: also
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: makefile
normalized: set
normalized: seta
normalized: setb
normalized: result
normalized: three
normalized: sets
normalized: initialize
normalized: each
normalized: set
normalized: with
normalized: set
normalized: new
normalized: fill
normalized: seta
normalized: and
normalized: setb
normalized: with
normalized: set
normalized: insert
normalized: printf
normalized: merge
normalized: seta
normalized: into
normalized: result
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: result
normalized: seta
normalized: set
normalized: print
normalized: result
normalized: stdout
normalized: itemprint
normalized: putchar
normalized: printf
normalized: merge
normalized: setb
normalized: into
normalized: result
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: result
normalized: setb
normalized: set
normalized: print
normalized: result
normalized: stdout
normalized: itemprint
normalized: putchar
normalized: merge
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: set
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: set
normalized: unchanged
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: set
normalized: seta
normalized: set
normalized: setb
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: setb
normalized: seta
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: helper
normalized: consider
normalized: one
normalized: item
normalized: for
normalized: insertion
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: set
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: helper
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: set
normalized: seta
normalized: arg
normalized: set
normalized: insert
normalized: seta
normalized: key
normalized: item
normalized: printf
normalized: added
normalized: key
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: exists
normalized: key
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: approach
normalized: iterates
normalized: over
normalized: one
normalized: set
normalized: setb
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: item
normalized: that
normalized: set
normalized: tries
normalized: insert
normalized: update
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: set
normalized: seta
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: setb
normalized: unchanged
normalized: but
normalized: seta
normalized: should
normalized: have
normalized: all
normalized: items
normalized: from
normalized: both
normalized: sets
normalized: merging
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: data
normalized: now
normalized: more
normalized: interesting
normalized: case
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: items
normalized: each
normalized: hold
normalized: data
normalized: want
normalized: combine
normalized: this
normalized: simple
normalized: test
normalized: that
normalized: datum
normalized: just
normalized: integer
normalized: actually
normalized: pointer
normalized: integer
normalized: see
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: note
normalized: also
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: makefile
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: seta
normalized: and
normalized: setb
normalized: each
normalized: contain
normalized: set
normalized: school
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: number
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: school
normalized: say
normalized: perhaps
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: people
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: each
normalized: school
normalized: when
normalized: merging
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: the
normalized: resulting
normalized: set
normalized: represent
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: the
normalized: values
normalized: each
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: insert
normalized: seta
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: intsave
normalized: printf
normalized: merge
normalized: seta
normalized: into
normalized: result
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: result
normalized: seta
normalized: set
normalized: print
normalized: result
normalized: stdout
normalized: itemprint
normalized: putchar
normalized: printf
normalized: merge
normalized: setb
normalized: into
normalized: result
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: result
normalized: setb
normalized: set
normalized: print
normalized: result
normalized: stdout
normalized: itemprint
normalized: putchar
normalized: merge
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: set
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: set
normalized: unchanged
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: set
normalized: seta
normalized: set
normalized: setb
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: setb
normalized: seta
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: helper
normalized: consider
normalized: one
normalized: item
normalized: for
normalized: insertion
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: set
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: contain
normalized: the
normalized: item
normalized: insert
normalized: otherwise
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: set
normalized: item
normalized: with
normalized: sum
normalized: item
normalized: values
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: set
normalized: merge
normalized: helper
normalized: void
normalized: arg
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: key
normalized: void
normalized: item
normalized: set
normalized: seta
normalized: arg
normalized: int
normalized: itemb
normalized: item
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: key
normalized: seta
normalized: int
normalized: itema
normalized: set
normalized: find
normalized: seta
normalized: key
normalized: itema
normalized: null
normalized: not
normalized: found
normalized: insert
normalized: set
normalized: insert
normalized: seta
normalized: key
normalized: intsave
normalized: itemb
normalized: printf
normalized: added
normalized: key
normalized: else
normalized: add
normalized: the
normalized: existing
normalized: value
normalized: itema
normalized: itemb
normalized: printf
normalized: exists
normalized: key
normalized: static
normalized: int
normalized: intsave
normalized: int
normalized: item
normalized: int
normalized: saved
normalized: assertp
normalized: malloc
normalized: sizeof
normalized: int
normalized: intsave
normalized: saved
normalized: item
normalized: return
normalized: saved
normalized: the
normalized: overall
normalized: structure
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: identical
normalized: the
normalized: prior
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: here
normalized: that
normalized: need
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: the
normalized: destination
normalized: set
normalized: first
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: perhaps
normalized: update
normalized: its
normalized: data
normalized: because
normalized: get
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: reach
normalized: and
normalized: update
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: summary
normalized: iterators
normalized: are
normalized: super
normalized: powerful
normalized: function
normalized: pointers
normalized: are
normalized: great
normalized: activity
normalized: you
normalized: now
normalized: seen
normalized: how
normalized: construct
normalized: the
normalized: union
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: discusses
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: construct
normalized: the
normalized: intersection
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: very
normalized: analogous
normalized: but
normalized: bit
normalized: trickier
normalized: found
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: needed
normalized: pointer
normalized: each
normalized: set
normalized: not
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: above
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: coupling
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: coupling
normalized: goals
normalized: discuss
normalized: routines
normalized: types
normalized: and
normalized: names
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: why
normalized: want
normalized: strong
normalized: cohesion
normalized: coupling
normalized: and
normalized: why
normalized: want
normalized: weak
normalized: coupling
normalized: the
normalized: concepts
normalized: today
normalized: lecture
normalized: come
normalized: from
normalized: chapter
normalized: code
normalized: complete
normalized: steve
normalized: mcconnell
normalized: microsoft
normalized: press
normalized: routines
normalized: often
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: routine
normalized: general
normalized: concept
normalized: refer
normalized: function
normalized: procedure
normalized: typically
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: procedure
normalized: refer
normalized: function
normalized: with
normalized: return
normalized: value
normalized: other
normalized: languages
normalized: routines
normalized: might
normalized: called
normalized: subroutines
normalized: methods
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: reasons
normalized: break
normalized: program
normalized: into
normalized: routines
normalized: reduce
normalized: complexity
normalized: avoid
normalized: duplicate
normalized: code
normalized: limit
normalized: effects
normalized: changes
normalized: narrow
normalized: scope
normalized: change
normalized: routine
normalized: hide
normalized: sequences
normalized: form
normalized: information
normalized: hiding
normalized: improve
normalized: performance
normalized: optimize
normalized: one
normalized: place
normalized: centralize
normalized: control
normalized: controlling
normalized: devices
normalized: files
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: hiding
normalized: hide
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: adts
normalized: hide
normalized: global
normalized: data
normalized: access
normalized: routines
normalized: centralize
normalized: control
normalized: globals
normalized: hide
normalized: pointer
normalized: operations
normalized: makes
normalized: easier
normalized: read
normalized: promote
normalized: code
normalized: reuse
normalized: easier
normalized: reuse
normalized: code
normalized: routine
normalized: plan
normalized: for
normalized: family
normalized: programs
normalized: isolate
normalized: parts
normalized: that
normalized: may
normalized: change
normalized: few
normalized: routines
normalized: improve
normalized: readability
normalized: named
normalized: routine
normalized: more
normalized: readable
normalized: avoid
normalized: deep
normalized: nesting
normalized: etc
normalized: improve
normalized: portability
normalized: isolate
normalized: nonportable
normalized: features
normalized: isolate
normalized: complex
normalized: operations
normalized: algorithm
normalized: protocols
normalized: etc
normalized: isolate
normalized: use
normalized: nonstandard
normalized: language
normalized: functions
normalized: isolate
normalized: nonportable
normalized: features
normalized: simplify
normalized: complicated
normalized: boolean
normalized: tests
normalized: inlines
normalized: are
normalized: great
normalized: here
normalized: routines
normalized: should
normalized: well
normalized: named
normalized: procedure
normalized: name
normalized: should
normalized: strong
normalized: verb
normalized: followed
normalized: object
normalized: like
normalized: printcalendar
normalized: function
normalized: name
normalized: should
normalized: describe
normalized: its
normalized: return
normalized: value
normalized: like
normalized: numberofnonzeros
normalized: boolean
normalized: function
normalized: name
normalized: should
normalized: sound
normalized: like
normalized: question
normalized: like
normalized: isinternalurl
normalized: good
normalized: routine
normalized: name
normalized: avoids
normalized: meaningless
normalized: verbs
normalized: like
normalized: perform
normalized: describes
normalized: everything
normalized: the
normalized: routine
normalized: does
normalized: long
normalized: necessary
normalized: follows
normalized: naming
normalized: conventions
normalized: routine
normalized: body
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: too
normalized: long
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: your
normalized: routine
normalized: approaching
normalized: lines
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: break
normalized: have
normalized: darn
normalized: good
normalized: reason
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: break
normalized: cohesion
normalized: cohesion
normalized: refers
normalized: how
normalized: closely
normalized: strongly
normalized: the
normalized: operations
normalized: routine
normalized: are
normalized: related
normalized: mcconnell
normalized: one
normalized: study
normalized: found
normalized: that
normalized: high
normalized: cohesion
normalized: routines
normalized: were
normalized: fault
normalized: free
normalized: while
normalized: low
normalized: cohesion
normalized: routines
normalized: were
normalized: fault
normalized: free
normalized: good
normalized: routines
normalized: have
normalized: strong
normalized: cohesion
normalized: acceptable
normalized: cohesion
normalized: functional
normalized: cohesion
normalized: strongest
normalized: and
normalized: best
normalized: kind
normalized: performs
normalized: one
normalized: and
normalized: only
normalized: one
normalized: operation
normalized: sequential
normalized: cohesion
normalized: contains
normalized: operations
normalized: that
normalized: must
normalized: performed
normalized: sequential
normalized: order
normalized: communicational
normalized: cohesion
normalized: contains
normalized: operations
normalized: that
normalized: make
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: data
normalized: but
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: otherwise
normalized: related
normalized: temporal
normalized: cohesion
normalized: contains
normalized: operations
normalized: that
normalized: several
normalized: things
normalized: because
normalized: all
normalized: are
normalized: done
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: time
normalized: unacceptable
normalized: cohesion
normalized: procedural
normalized: cohesion
normalized: contains
normalized: operations
normalized: that
normalized: must
normalized: performed
normalized: sequential
normalized: order
normalized: but
normalized: don
normalized: share
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: data
normalized: logical
normalized: cohesion
normalized: several
normalized: things
normalized: routine
normalized: only
normalized: one
normalized: executed
normalized: depending
normalized: flag
normalized: parameter
normalized: exception
normalized: can
normalized: using
normalized: switch
normalized: statement
normalized: call
normalized: one
normalized: many
normalized: other
normalized: cohesive
normalized: functions
normalized: coincidental
normalized: cohesion
normalized: apparent
normalized: reason
normalized: for
normalized: things
normalized: together
normalized: routine
normalized: coupling
normalized: the
normalized: degree
normalized: coupling
normalized: refers
normalized: the
normalized: strength
normalized: connection
normalized: between
normalized: two
normalized: routines
normalized: coupling
normalized: complement
normalized: cohesion
normalized: mcconnell
normalized: good
normalized: code
normalized: has
normalized: loose
normalized: coupling
normalized: among
normalized: routines
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: coupling
normalized: routines
normalized: simple
normalized: possible
normalized: criteria
normalized: for
normalized: evaluating
normalized: coupling
normalized: between
normalized: routines
normalized: size
normalized: number
normalized: connections
normalized: intimacy
normalized: directness
normalized: connection
normalized: better
normalized: use
normalized: direct
normalized: parameter
normalized: passing
normalized: than
normalized: indirect
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: visibility
normalized: best
normalized: connection
normalized: obvious
normalized: flexibility
normalized: how
normalized: easily
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: change
normalized: connections
normalized: for
normalized: minimal
normalized: interconnectedness
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: what
normalized: interconnections
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: obvious
normalized: program
normalized: were
normalized: piece
normalized: wood
normalized: you
normalized: try
normalized: split
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: grain
normalized: kinds
normalized: coupling
normalized: simple
normalized: data
normalized: coupling
normalized: the
normalized: only
normalized: data
normalized: passed
normalized: from
normalized: one
normalized: routine
normalized: another
normalized: through
normalized: parameters
normalized: and
normalized: nonstructured
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: coupling
normalized: one
normalized: routine
normalized: passes
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: another
normalized: best
normalized: really
normalized: needs
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: control
normalized: coupling
normalized: one
normalized: routine
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: what
normalized: global
normalized: data
normalized: coupling
normalized: two
normalized: routines
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: global
normalized: data
normalized: may
normalized: tolerable
normalized: read
normalized: only
normalized: pathological
normalized: coupling
normalized: one
normalized: routine
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: routine
normalized: somewhat
normalized: hard
normalized: and
normalized: try
normalized: create
normalized: routines
normalized: that
normalized: depend
normalized: little
normalized: other
normalized: routines
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: best
normalized: practices
normalized: use
normalized: assert
normalized: other
normalized: tests
normalized: insert
normalized: sanity
normalized: checks
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: particularly
normalized: suspicious
normalized: parameters
normalized: and
normalized: input
normalized: values
normalized: that
normalized: come
normalized: from
normalized: another
normalized: module
normalized: including
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: data
normalized: that
normalized: crosses
normalized: module
normalized: interface
normalized: routine
normalized: parameters
normalized: best
normalized: practices
normalized: put
normalized: parameters
normalized: input
normalized: modify
normalized: output
normalized: order
normalized: put
normalized: status
normalized: error
normalized: variables
normalized: last
normalized: use
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: parameters
normalized: use
normalized: consistent
normalized: order
normalized: among
normalized: similar
normalized: routines
normalized: document
normalized: assumptions
normalized: about
normalized: parameters
normalized: preconditions
normalized: are
normalized: assumptions
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: parameters
normalized: internal
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: state
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: routine
normalized: executes
normalized: and
normalized: postconditions
normalized: are
normalized: assumptions
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: parameters
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: return
normalized: value
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: routine
normalized: exits
normalized: macros
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: write
normalized: macros
normalized: with
normalized: define
normalized: these
normalized: are
normalized: handled
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: macros
normalized: can
normalized: handy
normalized: occasion
normalized: but
normalized: usually
normalized: better
normalized: use
normalized: inline
normalized: functions
normalized: const
normalized: variables
normalized: for
normalized: these
normalized: purposes
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: better
normalized: syntax
normalized: type
normalized: checking
normalized: and
normalized: better
normalized: debugger
normalized: support
normalized: modules
normalized: module
normalized: collection
normalized: related
normalized: routines
normalized: that
normalized: together
normalized: encapsulate
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: subsystem
normalized: task
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: programming
normalized: module
normalized: typically
normalized: called
normalized: class
normalized: why
normalized: modules
normalized: sometimes
normalized: necessary
normalized: have
normalized: strong
normalized: coupling
normalized: between
normalized: routines
normalized: that
normalized: case
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: group
normalized: those
normalized: routines
normalized: into
normalized: module
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: has
normalized: strong
normalized: cohesion
normalized: strive
normalized: for
normalized: strong
normalized: intra
normalized: module
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: loose
normalized: inter
normalized: module
normalized: coupling
normalized: well
normalized: designed
normalized: module
normalized: class
normalized: java
normalized: encourages
normalized: information
normalized: hiding
normalized: information
normalized: hiding
normalized: good
normalized: module
normalized: serves
normalized: hide
normalized: implementation
normalized: details
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: providing
normalized: clean
normalized: abstraction
normalized: and
normalized: clear
normalized: interface
normalized: other
normalized: modules
normalized: each
normalized: module
normalized: programmer
normalized: makes
normalized: many
normalized: implementation
normalized: decisions
normalized: which
normalized: should
normalized: largely
normalized: unknown
normalized: code
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: less
normalized: coupled
normalized: others
normalized: more
normalized: maintainable
normalized: more
normalized: self
normalized: testable
normalized: more
normalized: replacable
normalized: more
normalized: debuggable
normalized: can
normalized: insert
normalized: debugging
normalized: code
normalized: easily
normalized: more
normalized: reliable
normalized: can
normalized: insert
normalized: checks
normalized: few
normalized: places
normalized: more
normalized: understandable
normalized: hides
normalized: complexity
normalized: collaborative
normalized: work
normalized: modules
normalized: classes
normalized: are
normalized: excellent
normalized: mechanism
normalized: for
normalized: dividing
normalized: work
normalized: among
normalized: programmers
normalized: because
normalized: module
normalized: boundaries
normalized: and
normalized: interfaces
normalized: are
normalized: clear
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: otherwise
normalized: little
normalized: coupling
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: programmer
normalized: has
normalized: wide
normalized: flexibility
normalized: and
normalized: authority
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: details
normalized: her
normalized: module
normalized: long
normalized: she
normalized: sticks
normalized: the
normalized: agreed
normalized: upon
normalized: interface
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: and
normalized: clearly
normalized: documents
normalized: the
normalized: interface
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: will
normalized: look
normalized: some
normalized: example
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: comment
normalized: its
normalized: naming
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: coupling
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: tse
normalized: querier
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: tse
normalized: querier
normalized: goals
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: three
normalized: mini
normalized: lectures
normalized: today
normalized: goals
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzz
normalized: testing
normalized: expressions
normalized: and
normalized: accumulators
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: expressions
normalized: precedence
normalized: activity
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: component
normalized: the
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: which
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: interactively
normalized: answer
normalized: written
normalized: queries
normalized: entered
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: our
normalized: querier
normalized: loads
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: into
normalized: memory
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: developed
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: prompts
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: for
normalized: queries
normalized: queries
normalized: are
normalized: comprised
normalized: words
normalized: with
normalized: optional
normalized: and
normalized: operators
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: science
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: baseball
normalized: basketball
normalized: ultimate
normalized: frisbee
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: two
normalized: examples
normalized: are
normalized: treated
normalized: identically
normalized: matching
normalized: only
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: both
normalized: words
normalized: not
normalized: necessarily
normalized: together
normalized: the
normalized: phrase
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: picks
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: either
normalized: word
normalized: the
normalized: fourth
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: mention
normalized: baseball
normalized: basketball
normalized: both
normalized: ultimate
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: frisbee
normalized: not
normalized: necessarily
normalized: together
normalized: here
normalized: example
normalized: run
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: truncated
normalized: bit
normalized: querier
normalized: querier
normalized: data
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: science
normalized: query
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: science
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: armada
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: people
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: teaching
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: deshpande
normalized: thesis
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: nanda
normalized: thesis
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: query
normalized: tiny
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: tse
normalized: query
normalized: tse
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: note
normalized: lowercase
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: first
normalized: query
normalized: note
normalized: lowercase
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: first
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: spaces
normalized: not
normalized: mattter
normalized: query
normalized: spaces
normalized: not
normalized: mattter
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: non
normalized: letter
normalized: characters
normalized: are
normalized: disallowed
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: character
normalized: query
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: even
normalized: digits
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: character
normalized: query
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: first
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: error
normalized: cannot
normalized: first
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: what
normalized: about
normalized: and
normalized: query
normalized: what
normalized: about
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: last
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: friend
normalized: and
normalized: foe
normalized: query
normalized: friend
normalized: and
normalized: foe
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: quit
normalized: query
normalized: quit
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: exit
normalized: query
normalized: exit
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: visit
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: let
normalized: study
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: some
normalized: demos
normalized: today
normalized: demo
normalized: scripts
normalized: are
normalized: here
normalized: script
normalized: and
normalized: script
normalized: fuzz
normalized: testing
normalized: recent
normalized: lecture
normalized: talked
normalized: about
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: difference
normalized: between
normalized: glass
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: and
normalized: black
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: usually
normalized: these
normalized: tests
normalized: are
normalized: based
normalized: carefully
normalized: constructed
normalized: series
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: devised
normalized: test
normalized: all
normalized: code
normalized: sequences
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: the
normalized: edge
normalized: cases
normalized: however
normalized: such
normalized: tests
normalized: are
normalized: only
normalized: good
normalized: the
normalized: test
normalized: writer
normalized: who
normalized: must
normalized: logically
normalized: study
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: glass
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: specs
normalized: for
normalized: black
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: suitable
normalized: test
normalized: cases
normalized: possible
normalized: they
normalized: will
normalized: miss
normalized: some
normalized: important
normalized: cases
normalized: another
normalized: solution
normalized: therefore
normalized: fuzz
normalized: testing
normalized: form
normalized: black
normalized: box
normalized: testing
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: fire
normalized: thousands
normalized: random
normalized: inputs
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: see
normalized: how
normalized: reacts
normalized: the
normalized: chances
normalized: triggering
normalized: unconsidered
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: far
normalized: greater
normalized: you
normalized: try
normalized: lot
normalized: cases
normalized: here
normalized: fuzz
normalized: testing
normalized: program
normalized: for
normalized: our
normalized: querier
normalized: generates
normalized: series
normalized: random
normalized: queries
normalized: stdout
normalized: which
normalized: then
normalized: pipes
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: stdin
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: core
normalized: the
normalized: fuzz
normalized: tester
normalized: generate
normalized: query
normalized: generate
normalized: one
normalized: random
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: stdout
normalized: pull
normalized: random
normalized: words
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: wordlist
normalized: and
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: dictionary
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: generate
normalized: query
normalized: const
normalized: wordlist
normalized: wordlist
normalized: const
normalized: wordlist
normalized: dictionary
normalized: some
normalized: parameters
normalized: that
normalized: affect
normalized: query
normalized: generation
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: max
normalized: words
normalized: generate
normalized: max
normalized: words
normalized: const
normalized: float
normalized: probability
normalized: between
normalized: two
normalized: words
normalized: const
normalized: float
normalized: and
normalized: probability
normalized: and
normalized: between
normalized: two
normalized: words
normalized: const
normalized: float
normalized: dict
normalized: probability
normalized: draw
normalized: from
normalized: dict
normalized: instead
normalized: wordlist
normalized: int
normalized: qwords
normalized: random
normalized: max
normalized: words
normalized: number
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: for
normalized: int
normalized: qwords
normalized: draw
normalized: word
normalized: either
normalized: dictionary
normalized: wordlist
normalized: random
normalized: dict
normalized: probability
normalized: printf
normalized: dictionary
normalized: words
normalized: random
normalized: dictionary
normalized: nwords
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: wordlist
normalized: words
normalized: random
normalized: wordlist
normalized: nwords
normalized: last
normalized: word
normalized: qwords
normalized: which
normalized: operator
normalized: print
normalized: int
normalized: random
normalized: and
normalized: probability
normalized: printf
normalized: and
normalized: else
normalized: and
normalized: probability
normalized: probability
normalized: printf
normalized: printf
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: setup
normalized: tse
normalized: mkdir
normalized: data
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawler
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: data
normalized: indexer
normalized: indexer
normalized: data
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: and
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: random
normalized: queries
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: usage
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: indexfile
normalized: numqueries
normalized: randomseed
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: generating
normalized: queries
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: captured
normalized: and
normalized: despite
normalized: pcs
normalized: frontiers
normalized: activityaware
normalized: relay
normalized: tour
normalized: unix
normalized: downloading
normalized: pre
normalized: triactine
normalized: pieces
normalized: colgate
normalized: aspects
normalized: wine
normalized: wise
normalized: direx
normalized: uncompressed
normalized: early
normalized: taxonomy
normalized: austrian
normalized: and
normalized: jewelry
normalized: manages
normalized: once
normalized: forced
normalized: odame
normalized: localization
normalized: marsch
normalized: comparison
normalized: suffer
normalized: desires
normalized: workflow
normalized: facilitated
normalized: garth
normalized: yang
normalized: cardiac
normalized: and
normalized: ruslan
normalized: and
normalized: synthetic
normalized: and
normalized: here
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: when
normalized: pipe
normalized: our
normalized: querier
normalized: output
normalized: abbreviated
normalized: little
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: querier
normalized: querier
normalized: data
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: generating
normalized: queries
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: captured
normalized: and
normalized: despite
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: pcs
normalized: frontiers
normalized: activityaware
normalized: relay
normalized: tour
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: oldfield
normalized: app
normalized: pario
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: unix
normalized: downloading
normalized: pre
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: khanna
normalized: group
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: character
normalized: query
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: uncompressed
normalized: early
normalized: taxonomy
normalized: austrian
normalized: and
normalized: jewelry
normalized: manages
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: starfish
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: rapid
normalized: transit
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: once
normalized: forced
normalized: odame
normalized: localization
normalized: marsch
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: anthony
normalized: sith
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: comparison
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: suffer
normalized: desires
normalized: workflow
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: mare
normalized: thesis
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: facilitated
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: chen
normalized: fusenet
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: abstracts
normalized: tan
normalized: crf
normalized: html
normalized: key
normalized: words
normalized: query
normalized: garth
normalized: yang
normalized: cardiac
normalized: and
normalized: ruslan
normalized: and
normalized: synthetic
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: charisma
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: people
normalized: html
normalized: could
normalized: generate
normalized: different
normalized: series
normalized: random
normalized: queries
normalized: changing
normalized: the
normalized: random
normalized: seed
normalized: and
normalized: can
normalized: run
normalized: lot
normalized: more
normalized: queries
normalized: too
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: querier
normalized: querier
normalized: data
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: dev
normalized: null
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: generating
normalized: queries
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: querier
normalized: querier
normalized: data
normalized: data
normalized: index
normalized: querier
normalized: fuzzquery
normalized: generating
normalized: queries
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: the
normalized: fuzz
normalized: tester
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: test
normalized: all
normalized: aspects
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: particular
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: generate
normalized: syntactically
normalized: incorrect
normalized: inputs
normalized: those
normalized: should
normalized: tested
normalized: another
normalized: program
normalized: perhaps
normalized: another
normalized: fuzz
normalized: tester
normalized: furthermore
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: verify
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: actually
normalized: produces
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: answers
normalized: for
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: might
normalized: save
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: output
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: compare
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: fresh
normalized: test
normalized: run
normalized: against
normalized: the
normalized: saved
normalized: results
normalized: from
normalized: earlier
normalized: runs
normalized: had
normalized: earlier
normalized: believed
normalized: those
normalized: results
normalized: correct
normalized: then
normalized: seeing
normalized: unchanged
normalized: output
normalized: would
normalized: presumably
normalized: indicate
normalized: the
normalized: results
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: code
normalized: are
normalized: still
normalized: correct
normalized: expressions
normalized: and
normalized: accumulators
normalized: thinking
normalized: ahead
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: let
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: one
normalized: evaluates
normalized: expression
normalized: involving
normalized: operators
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: analogy
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: expressions
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: expression
normalized: sum
normalized: since
normalized: addition
normalized: left
normalized: associative
normalized: operator
normalized: this
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: thing
normalized: sum
normalized: this
normalized: means
normalized: can
normalized: scan
normalized: the
normalized: expression
normalized: from
normalized: left
normalized: right
normalized: accumulating
normalized: sum
normalized: effectively
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: acts
normalized: accumulator
normalized: indeed
normalized: many
normalized: early
normalized: hardware
normalized: architectures
normalized: include
normalized: explicit
normalized: register
normalized: called
normalized: accumulator
normalized: often
normalized: see
normalized: this
normalized: approach
normalized: generalized
normalized: code
normalized: int
normalized: int
normalized: array
normalized: int
normalized: sum
normalized: for
normalized: int
normalized: sum
normalized: array
normalized: printf
normalized: sum
normalized: average
normalized: sum
normalized: float
normalized: sum
normalized: precedence
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: mixture
normalized: operators
normalized: with
normalized: precedence
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: expression
normalized: sum
normalized: both
normalized: addition
normalized: and
normalized: multiplication
normalized: are
normalized: left
normalized: associative
normalized: operators
normalized: but
normalized: multiplication
normalized: has
normalized: precedence
normalized: over
normalized: addition
normalized: thus
normalized: implicitly
normalized: rewrite
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: expression
normalized: follows
normalized: sum
normalized: sequence
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: step
normalized: aside
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: for
normalized: moment
normalized: while
normalized: compute
normalized: the
normalized: product
normalized: using
normalized: exactly
normalized: analogous
normalized: process
normalized: prod
normalized: accumulator
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: product
normalized: initialized
normalized: the
normalized: multiplicative
normalized: identity
normalized: instead
normalized: the
normalized: additive
normalized: identity
normalized: for
normalized: reasons
normalized: hope
normalized: are
normalized: obvious
normalized: but
normalized: then
normalized: just
normalized: multiply
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: successive
normalized: items
normalized: one
normalized: time
normalized: this
normalized: generalizes
normalized: longer
normalized: expressions
normalized: like
normalized: sum
normalized: becomes
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: let
normalized: add
normalized: some
normalized: indentation
normalized: make
normalized: this
normalized: little
normalized: easier
normalized: read
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: prod
normalized: sum
normalized: sum
normalized: prod
normalized: notice
normalized: what
normalized: did
normalized: with
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: never
normalized: add
normalized: anything
normalized: sum
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: prod
normalized: this
normalized: structure
normalized: should
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: hint
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: write
normalized: code
normalized: evaluate
normalized: such
normalized: expressions
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: product
normalized: function
normalized: scan
normalized: the
normalized: expression
normalized: left
normalized: right
normalized: from
normalized: given
normalized: starting
normalized: point
normalized: accumulating
normalized: product
normalized: individual
normalized: items
normalized: until
normalized: sees
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: expression
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: then
normalized: write
normalized: function
normalized: sum
normalized: that
normalized: scans
normalized: the
normalized: expression
normalized: left
normalized: right
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: accumulating
normalized: sum
normalized: products
normalized: calling
normalized: product
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: and
normalized: after
normalized: each
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: will
normalized: discuss
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: ideas
normalized: relate
normalized: and
normalized: operators
normalized: query
normalized: expression
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: networking
normalized: and
normalized: socket
normalized: programming
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: networking
normalized: and
normalized: socket
normalized: programming
normalized: how
normalized: build
normalized: internet
normalized: applications
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: will
normalized: discuss
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: api
normalized: and
normalized: support
normalized: for
normalized: network
normalized: communications
normalized: between
normalized: internet
normalized: hosts
normalized: socket
normalized: programming
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: api
normalized: for
normalized: programming
normalized: distributed
normalized: applications
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: interested
normalized: getting
normalized: deeper
normalized: into
normalized: networking
normalized: take
normalized: computer
normalized: networks
normalized: socket
normalized: programming
normalized: key
normalized: skill
normalized: needed
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: final
normalized: project
normalized: goals
normalized: overview
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: model
normalized: provide
normalized: high
normalized: level
normalized: understanding
normalized: tcp
normalized: introduce
normalized: the
normalized: berkeley
normalized: sockets
normalized: api
normalized: for
normalized: networking
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: model
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: model
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: commonly
normalized: used
normalized: communication
normalized: paradigms
normalized: networked
normalized: systems
normalized: server
normalized: long
normalized: running
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: stands
normalized: idle
normalized: until
normalized: some
normalized: clients
normalized: connect
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: request
normalized: service
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: who
normalized: initiates
normalized: communication
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: clients
normalized: normally
normalized: communicate
normalized: with
normalized: one
normalized: server
normalized: time
normalized: but
normalized: most
normalized: servers
normalized: can
normalized: communicate
normalized: with
normalized: multiple
normalized: clients
normalized: simultaneously
normalized: clients
normalized: need
normalized: some
normalized: advance
normalized: knowledge
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: address
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: need
normalized: know
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: even
normalized: the
normalized: existence
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: prior
normalized: the
normalized: connection
normalized: being
normalized: established
normalized: client
normalized: and
normalized: servers
normalized: communicate
normalized: means
normalized: multiple
normalized: layers
normalized: network
normalized: protocols
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: focus
normalized: the
normalized: tcp
normalized: protocol
normalized: suite
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: and
normalized: server
normalized: are
normalized: both
normalized: connected
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: local
normalized: area
normalized: network
normalized: lan
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: although
normalized: the
normalized: diagram
normalized: shows
normalized: ethernet
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: exactly
normalized: analogous
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: may
normalized: different
normalized: lans
normalized: with
normalized: both
normalized: lans
normalized: connected
normalized: wide
normalized: area
normalized: network
normalized: wan
normalized: means
normalized: routers
normalized: the
normalized: largest
normalized: wan
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: but
normalized: companies
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: wans
normalized: this
normalized: scenario
normalized: depicted
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: flow
normalized: information
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: goes
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: protocol
normalized: stack
normalized: one
normalized: side
normalized: then
normalized: across
normalized: the
normalized: network
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: protocol
normalized: stack
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: side
normalized: transmission
normalized: control
normalized: protocol
normalized: tcp
normalized: tcp
normalized: provides
normalized: connection
normalized: oriented
normalized: service
normalized: since
normalized: based
normalized: connections
normalized: between
normalized: clients
normalized: and
normalized: servers
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: contacts
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: over
normalized: tcp
normalized: asks
normalized: connect
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: must
normalized: then
normalized: accept
normalized: the
normalized: connection
normalized: once
normalized: open
normalized: the
normalized: connection
normalized: between
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: and
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: acts
normalized: there
normalized: stream
normalized: bytes
normalized: flowing
normalized: from
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: stream
normalized: bytes
normalized: flowing
normalized: from
normalized: server
normalized: client
normalized: these
normalized: streams
normalized: look
normalized: and
normalized: act
normalized: almost
normalized: exactly
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: stdin
normalized: and
normalized: stdout
normalized: streams
normalized: you
normalized: accustomed
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: writes
normalized: its
normalized: socket
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: bytes
normalized: stream
normalized: over
normalized: the
normalized: connection
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: who
normalized: then
normalized: reads
normalized: bytes
normalized: from
normalized: its
normalized: socket
normalized: and
normalized: vice
normalized: versa
normalized: tcp
normalized: provides
normalized: reliability
normalized: when
normalized: tcp
normalized: client
normalized: sends
normalized: data
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: requires
normalized: acknowledgement
normalized: return
normalized: acknowledgement
normalized: not
normalized: received
normalized: tcp
normalized: automatically
normalized: retransmits
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: and
normalized: waits
normalized: for
normalized: longer
normalized: period
normalized: time
normalized: these
normalized: acknowledgements
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: handled
normalized: the
normalized: tcp
normalized: layer
normalized: the
normalized: protocol
normalized: stack
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: invisible
normalized: applications
normalized: socket
normalized: addresses
normalized: the
normalized: tcp
normalized: protocol
normalized: depends
normalized: the
normalized: underlying
normalized: protocol
normalized: tcp
normalized: bundles
normalized: bytes
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: outbound
normalized: stream
normalized: into
normalized: packets
normalized: and
normalized: asks
normalized: the
normalized: layer
normalized: route
normalized: those
normalized: packets
normalized: across
normalized: the
normalized: lan
normalized: wan
normalized: the
normalized: destination
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: receiving
normalized: tcp
normalized: layer
normalized: drops
normalized: those
normalized: bytes
normalized: ito
normalized: the
normalized: inbound
normalized: stream
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: use
normalized: version
normalized: ipv
normalized: the
normalized: traditional
normalized: and
normalized: still
normalized: most
normalized: common
normalized: version
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: sender
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: destination
normalized: the
normalized: packets
normalized: with
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: socket
normalized: api
normalized: aka
normalized: berkeley
normalized: sockets
normalized: the
normalized: ipv
normalized: socket
normalized: address
normalized: structure
normalized: named
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: and
normalized: defined
normalized: including
normalized: the
normalized: netinet
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: have
normalized: found
normalized: sufficient
normalized: include
normalized: netdb
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: arpa
normalized: inet
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: because
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: socket
normalized: related
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: appear
normalized: include
normalized: each
normalized: other
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: definition
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: struct
normalized: addr
normalized: addr
normalized: addr
normalized: bit
normalized: ipv
normalized: network
normalized: byte
normalized: ordered
normalized: address
normalized: struct
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: uint
normalized: sin
normalized: len
normalized: length
normalized: structure
normalized: family
normalized: sin
normalized: family
normalized: inet
normalized: port
normalized: sin
normalized: port
normalized: bit
normalized: tcp
normalized: udp
normalized: port
normalized: number
normalized: struct
normalized: addr
normalized: sin
normalized: addr
normalized: bit
normalized: ipv
normalized: address
normalized: char
normalized: sin
normalized: zero
normalized: not
normalized: used
normalized: but
normalized: always
normalized: set
normalized: zero
normalized: the
normalized: uint
normalized: data
normalized: type
normalized: unsigned
normalized: bit
normalized: integer
normalized: host
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: network
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: conversion
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: two
normalized: ways
normalized: store
normalized: two
normalized: four
normalized: byte
normalized: integers
normalized: memory
normalized: big
normalized: endian
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: significant
normalized: byte
normalized: first
normalized: and
normalized: bytes
normalized: decreasing
normalized: significance
normalized: memory
normalized: address
normalized: increases
normalized: see
normalized: diagram
normalized: little
normalized: endian
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: least
normalized: significant
normalized: byte
normalized: first
normalized: and
normalized: bytes
normalized: increasing
normalized: significance
normalized: memory
normalized: address
normalized: increases
normalized: see
normalized: diagram
normalized: see
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: about
normalized: endianness
normalized: refer
normalized: these
normalized: orders
normalized: the
normalized: host
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: intel
normalized: processor
normalized: stores
normalized: bit
normalized: integer
normalized: four
normalized: consecutive
normalized: bytes
normalized: memory
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: significant
normalized: byte
normalized: which
normalized: little
normalized: endian
normalized: ibm
normalized: powerpc
normalized: processors
normalized: would
normalized: store
normalized: the
normalized: integer
normalized: the
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: which
normalized: big
normalized: endian
normalized: standard
normalized: internet
normalized: protocols
normalized: such
normalized: and
normalized: tcp
normalized: use
normalized: big
normalized: endian
normalized: byte
normalized: ordering
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: functions
normalized: are
normalized: provided
normalized: all
normalized: unix
normalized: platforms
normalized: aid
normalized: you
normalized: converting
normalized: between
normalized: host
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: whatever
normalized: may
normalized: and
normalized: network
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: big
normalized: endian
normalized: host
normalized: these
normalized: functions
normalized: nothing
normalized: little
normalized: endian
normalized: machine
normalized: they
normalized: swap
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: bytes
normalized: code
normalized: using
normalized: these
normalized: functions
normalized: can
normalized: thus
normalized: compiled
normalized: either
normalized: big
normalized: endian
normalized: little
normalized: endian
normalized: machine
normalized: and
normalized: work
normalized: correctly
normalized: include
normalized: netinet
normalized: uint
normalized: htons
normalized: uint
normalized: host
normalized: bitvalue
normalized: host
normalized: network
normalized: short
normalized: uint
normalized: htonl
normalized: uint
normalized: host
normalized: bitvalue
normalized: host
normalized: network
normalized: long
normalized: uint
normalized: ntohs
normalized: uint
normalized: net
normalized: bitvalue
normalized: network
normalized: host
normalized: short
normalized: uint
normalized: ntohl
normalized: uint
normalized: net
normalized: bitvalue
normalized: network
normalized: host
normalized: long
normalized: network
normalized: parlance
normalized: short
normalized: means
normalized: bits
normalized: and
normalized: long
normalized: means
normalized: bits
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: two
normalized: functions
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: network
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: and
normalized: bit
normalized: respectively
normalized: the
normalized: latter
normalized: two
normalized: functions
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: host
normalized: byte
normalized: order
normalized: and
normalized: bit
normalized: respectively
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: uint
normalized: refers
normalized: unsigned
normalized: bit
normalized: integer
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: uint
normalized: refers
normalized: unsigned
normalized: bit
normalized: integer
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: uint
normalized: refers
normalized: unsigned
normalized: bit
normalized: integer
normalized: tcp
normalized: socket
normalized: api
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: api
normalized: read
normalized: berkeley
normalized: sockets
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: functions
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: used
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: sequence
normalized: function
normalized: calls
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: and
normalized: server
normalized: participating
normalized: tcp
normalized: connection
normalized: presented
normalized: below
normalized: shown
normalized: the
normalized: figure
normalized: the
normalized: steps
normalized: for
normalized: establishing
normalized: tcp
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: side
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: create
normalized: socket
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: function
normalized: connect
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: connect
normalized: function
normalized: send
normalized: and
normalized: receive
normalized: data
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: write
normalized: and
normalized: read
normalized: functions
normalized: the
normalized: steps
normalized: involved
normalized: establishing
normalized: tcp
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: side
normalized: are
normalized: follows
normalized: create
normalized: socket
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: function
normalized: bind
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: address
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: bind
normalized: function
normalized: listen
normalized: for
normalized: connections
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: listen
normalized: function
normalized: accept
normalized: connection
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: accept
normalized: function
normalized: system
normalized: call
normalized: this
normalized: call
normalized: typically
normalized: blocks
normalized: until
normalized: client
normalized: connects
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: send
normalized: and
normalized: receive
normalized: data
normalized: means
normalized: write
normalized: and
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: actual
normalized: determination
normalized: which
normalized: side
normalized: reads
normalized: first
normalized: and
normalized: which
normalized: side
normalized: writes
normalized: first
normalized: depends
normalized: the
normalized: particular
normalized: protocol
normalized: running
normalized: atop
normalized: tcp
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: step
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: function
normalized: specifying
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: communication
normalized: protocol
normalized: tcp
normalized: based
normalized: ipv
normalized: tcp
normalized: based
normalized: ipv
normalized: udp
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: defined
normalized: follows
normalized: include
normalized: sys
normalized: socket
normalized: int
normalized: socket
normalized: int
normalized: family
normalized: int
normalized: type
normalized: int
normalized: protocol
normalized: where
normalized: family
normalized: specifies
normalized: the
normalized: protocol
normalized: family
normalized: inet
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: ipv
normalized: protocols
normalized: type
normalized: constant
normalized: described
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: socket
normalized: sock
normalized: stream
normalized: for
normalized: stream
normalized: tcp
normalized: sockets
normalized: and
normalized: sock
normalized: dgram
normalized: for
normalized: datagram
normalized: udp
normalized: sockets
normalized: and
normalized: protocol
normalized: parameter
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: set
normalized: zero
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: returns
normalized: non
normalized: negative
normalized: integer
normalized: error
normalized: this
normalized: number
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: file
normalized: descriptors
normalized: file
normalized: descriptors
normalized: are
normalized: small
normalized: non
normalized: negative
normalized: integers
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: uses
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: being
normalized: accessed
normalized: particular
normalized: process
normalized: whenever
normalized: opens
normalized: existing
normalized: file
normalized: creates
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: returns
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: that
normalized: used
normalized: read
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: thing
normalized: stdio
normalized: file
normalized: pointers
normalized: the
normalized: stdio
normalized: package
normalized: wraps
normalized: file
normalized: descriptors
normalized: its
normalized: file
normalized: type
normalized: provide
normalized: more
normalized: convenient
normalized: api
normalized: convention
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: input
normalized: known
normalized: stdio
normalized: stdin
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: output
normalized: wrapped
normalized: stdio
normalized: stdout
normalized: and
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: error
normalized: wrapped
normalized: stdio
normalized: stderr
normalized: the
normalized: bind
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: bind
normalized: assigns
normalized: local
normalized: protocol
normalized: address
normalized: socket
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: internet
normalized: protocols
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: combination
normalized: ipv
normalized: address
normalized: and
normalized: bit
normalized: tcp
normalized: port
normalized: number
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: defined
normalized: follows
normalized: include
normalized: sys
normalized: socket
normalized: int
normalized: bind
normalized: int
normalized: sockfd
normalized: const
normalized: struct
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: servaddr
normalized: socklen
normalized: addrlen
normalized: where
normalized: sockfd
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: descriptor
normalized: servaddr
normalized: points
normalized: socket
normalized: address
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: addrlen
normalized: its
normalized: length
normalized: bind
normalized: returns
normalized: succeeds
normalized: error
normalized: this
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: generic
normalized: socket
normalized: address
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: requires
normalized: that
normalized: any
normalized: calls
normalized: these
normalized: functions
normalized: must
normalized: cast
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: protocol
normalized: specific
normalized: address
normalized: structure
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: for
normalized: ipv
normalized: socket
normalized: structure
normalized: that
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: struct
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: serv
normalized: ipv
normalized: socket
normalized: address
normalized: structure
normalized: bind
normalized: sockfd
normalized: struct
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: amp
normalized: serv
normalized: sizeof
normalized: serv
normalized: process
normalized: can
normalized: bind
normalized: specific
normalized: address
normalized: port
normalized: its
normalized: socket
normalized: normally
normalized: tcp
normalized: client
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: bind
normalized: address
normalized: its
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: chooses
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: outgoing
normalized: interface
normalized: that
normalized: used
normalized: and
normalized: assigns
normalized: unused
normalized: port
normalized: number
normalized: for
normalized: tcp
normalized: server
normalized: bind
normalized: required
normalized: and
normalized: restricts
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: receive
normalized: incoming
normalized: client
normalized: connections
normalized: destined
normalized: that
normalized: address
normalized: and
normalized: port
normalized: that
normalized: said
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: can
normalized: pass
normalized: wildcard
normalized: address
normalized: bind
normalized: and
normalized: allow
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: choose
normalized: address
normalized: and
normalized: unused
normalized: port
normalized: number
normalized: the
normalized: listen
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: listen
normalized: function
normalized: converts
normalized: unconnected
normalized: socket
normalized: into
normalized: passive
normalized: socket
normalized: indicating
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: should
normalized: accept
normalized: incoming
normalized: connection
normalized: requests
normalized: directed
normalized: this
normalized: socket
normalized: defined
normalized: follows
normalized: include
normalized: sys
normalized: socket
normalized: int
normalized: listen
normalized: int
normalized: sockfd
normalized: int
normalized: backlog
normalized: where
normalized: sockfd
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: descriptor
normalized: and
normalized: backlog
normalized: the
normalized: maximum
normalized: number
normalized: connections
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: should
normalized: queue
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: backlog
normalized: argument
normalized: provides
normalized: hint
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: outstanding
normalized: connect
normalized: requests
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: enqueue
normalized: behalf
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: queue
normalized: full
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: will
normalized: reject
normalized: additional
normalized: connection
normalized: requests
normalized: the
normalized: backlog
normalized: value
normalized: must
normalized: chosen
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: expected
normalized: load
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: listen
normalized: returns
normalized: succeeds
normalized: error
normalized: the
normalized: connect
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: connect
normalized: function
normalized: used
normalized: tcp
normalized: client
normalized: establish
normalized: connection
normalized: with
normalized: tcp
normalized: server
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: defined
normalized: follows
normalized: include
normalized: sys
normalized: socket
normalized: int
normalized: connect
normalized: int
normalized: sockfd
normalized: const
normalized: struct
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: servaddr
normalized: socklen
normalized: addrlen
normalized: where
normalized: sockfd
normalized: the
normalized: socket
normalized: descriptor
normalized: returned
normalized: the
normalized: call
normalized: socket
normalized: and
normalized: servaddr
normalized: points
normalized: socket
normalized: address
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: addrlen
normalized: its
normalized: length
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: returns
normalized: succeeds
normalized: establishing
normalized: tcp
normalized: connection
normalized: and
normalized: otherwise
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: call
normalized: bind
normalized: before
normalized: calling
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: unix
normalized: kernel
normalized: will
normalized: choose
normalized: both
normalized: ephemeral
normalized: port
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: necessary
normalized: the
normalized: accept
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: accept
normalized: function
normalized: used
normalized: retrieve
normalized: connect
normalized: request
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: socket
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: one
normalized: and
normalized: allocate
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: socket
normalized: defined
normalized: follows
normalized: include
normalized: sys
normalized: socket
normalized: int
normalized: accept
normalized: int
normalized: sockfd
normalized: struct
normalized: sockaddr
normalized: cliaddr
normalized: socklen
normalized: addrlen
normalized: where
normalized: sockfd
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: that
normalized: connected
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: that
normalized: called
normalized: the
normalized: connect
normalized: the
normalized: cliaddr
normalized: and
normalized: addrlen
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: protocol
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: socket
normalized: descriptor
normalized: has
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: socket
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: address
normalized: family
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: socket
normalized: passed
normalized: accept
normalized: not
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: connection
normalized: but
normalized: instead
normalized: remains
normalized: available
normalized: receive
normalized: additional
normalized: connect
normalized: requests
normalized: the
normalized: kernel
normalized: creates
normalized: one
normalized: connected
normalized: socket
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: client
normalized: connection
normalized: that
normalized: accepted
normalized: don
normalized: care
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: identity
normalized: can
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: cliaddr
normalized: and
normalized: addrlen
normalized: null
normalized: otherwise
normalized: before
normalized: calling
normalized: the
normalized: accept
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: cliaddr
normalized: parameter
normalized: has
normalized: set
normalized: buffer
normalized: large
normalized: enough
normalized: hold
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: and
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: integer
normalized: pointed
normalized: addrlen
normalized: the
normalized: size
normalized: the
normalized: buffer
normalized: tcp
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: example
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: see
normalized: basic
normalized: tcp
normalized: client
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: talk
normalized: our
normalized: basic
normalized: tcp
normalized: server
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: loop
normalized: over
normalized: clients
normalized: and
normalized: handling
normalized: each
normalized: client
normalized: turn
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: side
normalized: flow
normalized: socket
normalized: bind
normalized: listen
normalized: accept
normalized: read
normalized: close
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: side
normalized: flow
normalized: socket
normalized: connect
normalized: write
normalized: close
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: getsockname
normalized: retrieve
normalized: the
normalized: port
normalized: number
normalized: bound
normalized: socket
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: gethostbyname
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: for
normalized: hostname
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: bzero
normalized: zero
normalized: all
normalized: bytes
normalized: buffer
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: bcopy
normalized: copy
normalized: all
normalized: bytes
normalized: from
normalized: one
normalized: buffer
normalized: another
normalized: read
normalized: write
normalized: loop
normalized: recognizing
normalized: that
normalized: read
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: always
normalized: fill
normalized: the
normalized: buffer
normalized: http
normalized: over
normalized: tcp
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: example
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: http
normalized: enhance
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: example
normalized: support
normalized: http
normalized: the
normalized: client
normalized: can
normalized: connect
normalized: our
normalized: http
normalized: server
normalized: real
normalized: http
normalized: servers
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: can
normalized: serve
normalized: our
normalized: basic
normalized: http
normalized: client
normalized: real
normalized: browsers
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: the
normalized: http
normalized: protocol
normalized: both
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: client
normalized: side
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: fdopen
normalized: convert
normalized: file
normalized: descriptor
normalized: into
normalized: file
normalized: pointer
normalized: usable
normalized: with
normalized: stdio
normalized: and
normalized: our
normalized: file
normalized: module
normalized: learn
normalized: more
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: details
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: handshake
normalized: protocols
normalized: see
normalized: this
normalized: excellent
normalized: tcp
normalized: state
normalized: diagram
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: activity
normalized: today
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: will
normalized: copy
normalized: and
normalized: install
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: try
normalized: out
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: gitlab
normalized: with
normalized: ssh
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: gitlab
normalized: with
normalized: ssh
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: revision
normalized: control
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: specifically
normalized: our
normalized: own
normalized: gitlab
normalized: server
normalized: connections
normalized: between
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: computer
normalized: whether
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: linux
normalized: servers
normalized: are
normalized: conducted
normalized: over
normalized: secure
normalized: connection
normalized: either
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: https
normalized: ssh
normalized: protocols
normalized: although
normalized: takes
normalized: little
normalized: bit
normalized: more
normalized: set
normalized: effort
normalized: ssh
normalized: the
normalized: preferred
normalized: choice
normalized: and
normalized: find
normalized: that
normalized: works
normalized: better
normalized: for
normalized: students
normalized: once
normalized: set
normalized: instructions
normalized: visit
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: click
normalized: your
normalized: personal
normalized: icon
normalized: the
normalized: upper
normalized: right
normalized: corner
normalized: pick
normalized: settings
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: pop
normalized: menu
normalized: click
normalized: ssh
normalized: keys
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: panes
normalized: across
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: log
normalized: your
normalized: account
normalized: the
normalized: linux
normalized: server
normalized: check
normalized: see
normalized: whether
normalized: you
normalized: already
normalized: have
normalized: ssh
normalized: key
normalized: lives
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: your
normalized: home
normalized: directory
normalized: try
normalized: cat
normalized: ssh
normalized: rsa
normalized: pub
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: key
normalized: will
normalized: print
normalized: out
normalized: not
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: error
normalized: such
normalized: file
normalized: directory
normalized: kotz
normalized: flume
normalized: cat
normalized: ssh
normalized: rsa
normalized: pub
normalized: ssh
normalized: rsa
normalized: aaaab
normalized: nzac
normalized: eaaaadaqabaaabaqdy
normalized: dertm
normalized: wkvk
normalized: ofgwpygrjkemxhynpz
normalized: ghmb
normalized: sqemljygwcjb
normalized: mqwiqzrii
normalized: nvr
normalized: cod
normalized: imh
normalized: odmlc
normalized: zkgj
normalized: ycl
normalized: wmylq
normalized: ctye
normalized: oyxd
normalized: ybve
normalized: baxdz
normalized: kwwem
normalized: uwtjz
normalized: oipvt
normalized: cly
normalized: qind
normalized: vco
normalized: iui
normalized: wbcfinybp
normalized: ptv
normalized: bjyid
normalized: lmoshpljm
normalized: oyd
normalized: rft
normalized: ycblhydmo
normalized: mfldxliyav
normalized: aojfb
normalized: ykg
normalized: jqgnbzczvtyprflea
normalized: rlbuwqvo
normalized: zjbki
normalized: hmtdajoxrd
normalized: dfk
normalized: topdog
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: ssh
normalized: key
normalized: generate
normalized: one
normalized: ssh
normalized: keygen
normalized: rsa
normalized: yourusername
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: then
normalized: try
normalized: cat
normalized: ssh
normalized: rsa
normalized: pub
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: mouse
normalized: select
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: output
normalized: cat
normalized: copy
normalized: your
normalized: clipboard
normalized: back
normalized: your
normalized: browser
normalized: still
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: keys
normalized: page
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: paste
normalized: your
normalized: clipboard
normalized: into
normalized: that
normalized: big
normalized: box
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: add
normalized: key
normalized: button
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: now
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: style
normalized: url
normalized: when
normalized: cloning
normalized: repos
normalized: from
normalized: gitlab
normalized: you
normalized: already
normalized: cloned
normalized: repo
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: https
normalized: style
normalized: url
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: whenever
normalized: you
normalized: git
normalized: pull
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: other
normalized: operations
normalized: that
normalized: involve
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: enter
normalized: the
normalized: passphrase
normalized: you
normalized: provided
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: generated
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: keypair
normalized: not
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: password
normalized: because
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: give
normalized: ssh
normalized: permission
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: private
normalized: key
normalized: authenticate
normalized: yourself
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: gitlab
normalized: server
normalized: macos
normalized: users
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: macos
normalized: laptop
normalized: and
normalized: want
normalized: able
normalized: clone
normalized: from
normalized: gitlab
normalized: repos
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: copy
normalized: your
normalized: ssh
normalized: keys
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: scp
normalized: yourusername
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: ssh
normalized: rsa
normalized: ssh
normalized: scp
normalized: yourusername
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: ssh
normalized: rsa
normalized: pub
normalized: ssh
normalized: switching
normalized: from
normalized: https
normalized: ssh
normalized: you
normalized: already
normalized: cloned
normalized: repo
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: https
normalized: style
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: now
normalized: want
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: method
normalized: set
normalized: for
normalized: ssh
normalized: first
normalized: above
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: holding
normalized: your
normalized: clone
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: see
normalized: something
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: git
normalized: remote
normalized: origin
normalized: https
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: demonstration
normalized: git
normalized: fetch
normalized: origin
normalized: https
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: demonstration
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: visit
normalized: your
normalized: repo
normalized: home
normalized: page
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: box
normalized: that
normalized: holds
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: pop
normalized: next
normalized: that
normalized: box
normalized: and
normalized: choose
normalized: ssh
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: your
normalized: clipboard
normalized: and
normalized: tell
normalized: git
normalized: set
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: your
normalized: origin
normalized: instead
normalized: git
normalized: remote
normalized: set
normalized: url
normalized: origin
normalized: git
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: demonstration
normalized: git
normalized: git
normalized: remote
normalized: origin
normalized: git
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: demonstration
normalized: git
normalized: fetch
normalized: origin
normalized: git
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfkotz
normalized: demonstration
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: more
normalized: help
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: ssh
normalized: help
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: install
normalized: macos
normalized: and
normalized: using
normalized: gtk
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: install
normalized: macos
normalized: and
normalized: using
normalized: gtk
normalized: macos
normalized: xquartz
normalized: enables
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: window
normalized: system
normalized: install
normalized: xquartz
normalized: application
normalized: here
normalized: provide
normalized: two
normalized: ways
normalized: install
normalized: xquartz
normalized: application
normalized: you
normalized: could
normalized: either
normalized: install
normalized: from
normalized: official
normalized: website
normalized: install
normalized: with
normalized: homebrew
normalized: general
normalized: recommend
normalized: you
normalized: use
normalized: homebrew
normalized: install
normalized: and
normalized: manage
normalized: packages
normalized: macos
normalized: download
normalized: and
normalized: install
normalized: directly
normalized: from
normalized: xquartz
normalized: install
normalized: with
normalized: homebrew
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: two
normalized: steps
normalized: homebrew
normalized: cask
normalized: extension
normalized: homebrew
normalized: installs
normalized: gui
normalized: applications
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: framework
normalized: homebrew
normalized: install
normalized: homebrew
normalized: cask
normalized: with
normalized: command
normalized: brew
normalized: tap
normalized: caskroom
normalized: cask
normalized: install
normalized: xquartz
normalized: with
normalized: command
normalized: brew
normalized: cask
normalized: install
normalized: xquartz
normalized: validate
normalized: installation
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: open
normalized: xquartz
normalized: application
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: launchpad
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: see
normalized: installed
normalized: correctly
normalized: will
normalized: open
normalized: xterm
normalized: window
normalized: that
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: work
normalized: immediately
normalized: try
normalized: restarting
normalized: your
normalized: computer
normalized: validate
normalized: connection
normalized: remote
normalized: server
normalized: next
normalized: try
normalized: running
normalized: application
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: servers
normalized: log
normalized: into
normalized: unix
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: launch
normalized: application
normalized: such
normalized: xclock
normalized: xemacs
normalized: for
normalized: little
normalized: fun
normalized: try
normalized: xeyes
normalized: ssh
normalized: username
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: xpdf
normalized: the
normalized: option
normalized: ssh
normalized: sets
normalized: forwarding
normalized: for
normalized: ssh
normalized: connections
normalized: that
normalized: sets
normalized: secure
normalized: tunnel
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: like
normalized: xclock
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: xquartz
normalized: application
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: can
normalized: create
normalized: windows
normalized: buttons
normalized: menus
normalized: etc
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: information
normalized: flows
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: tunnel
normalized: xquartz
normalized: which
normalized: renders
normalized: the
normalized: windows
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: works
normalized: with
normalized: all
normalized: unix
normalized: servers
normalized: xpdf
normalized: will
normalized: open
normalized: pdf
normalized: viewer
normalized: windows
normalized: system
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: computer
normalized: here
normalized: xpdf
normalized: window
normalized: note
normalized: warning
normalized: may
normalized: show
normalized: saying
normalized: home
normalized: xauthority
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: exist
normalized: your
normalized: first
normalized: time
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: xauthority
normalized: file
normalized: will
normalized: configured
normalized: automatically
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: run
normalized: from
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: warning
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: appear
normalized: reference
normalized: using
normalized: windows
normalized: your
normalized: first
normalized: gtk
normalized: application
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: gui
normalized: graphical
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: recommend
normalized: the
normalized: gtk
normalized: library
normalized: which
normalized: popular
normalized: toolkit
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: window
normalized: system
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: two
normalized: versions
normalized: gtk
normalized: libraries
normalized: gtk
normalized: version
normalized: and
normalized: gtk
normalized: version
normalized: gtk
normalized: still
normalized: alive
normalized: but
normalized: recommend
normalized: the
normalized: latest
normalized: version
normalized: gtk
normalized: both
normalized: versions
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: use
normalized: our
normalized: unix
normalized: servers
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: specify
normalized: the
normalized: version
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: compile
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: gtk
normalized: example
normalized: example
normalized: program
normalized: below
normalized: uses
normalized: gtk
normalized: opens
normalized: window
normalized: with
normalized: simple
normalized: button
normalized: shown
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: feel
normalized: free
normalized: use
normalized: filename
normalized: gtk
normalized: example
normalized: source
normalized: https
normalized: developer
normalized: gnome
normalized: org
normalized: gtk
normalized: stable
normalized: gtk
normalized: getting
normalized: started
normalized: html
normalized: include
normalized: gtk
normalized: gtk
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: print
normalized: hello
normalized: gtkwidget
normalized: widget
normalized: gpointer
normalized: data
normalized: print
normalized: hello
normalized: world
normalized: static
normalized: void
normalized: activate
normalized: gtkapplication
normalized: app
normalized: gpointer
normalized: user
normalized: data
normalized: gtkwidget
normalized: window
normalized: gtkwidget
normalized: button
normalized: gtkwidget
normalized: button
normalized: box
normalized: window
normalized: gtk
normalized: application
normalized: window
normalized: new
normalized: app
normalized: gtk
normalized: window
normalized: set
normalized: title
normalized: gtk
normalized: window
normalized: window
normalized: window
normalized: gtk
normalized: window
normalized: set
normalized: default
normalized: size
normalized: gtk
normalized: window
normalized: window
normalized: button
normalized: box
normalized: gtk
normalized: button
normalized: box
normalized: new
normalized: gtk
normalized: orientation
normalized: horizontal
normalized: gtk
normalized: container
normalized: add
normalized: gtk
normalized: container
normalized: window
normalized: button
normalized: box
normalized: button
normalized: gtk
normalized: button
normalized: new
normalized: with
normalized: label
normalized: hello
normalized: world
normalized: signal
normalized: connect
normalized: button
normalized: clicked
normalized: callback
normalized: print
normalized: hello
normalized: null
normalized: signal
normalized: connect
normalized: swapped
normalized: button
normalized: clicked
normalized: callback
normalized: gtk
normalized: widget
normalized: destroy
normalized: window
normalized: gtk
normalized: container
normalized: add
normalized: gtk
normalized: container
normalized: button
normalized: box
normalized: button
normalized: gtk
normalized: widget
normalized: show
normalized: all
normalized: window
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: gtkapplication
normalized: app
normalized: int
normalized: status
normalized: app
normalized: gtk
normalized: application
normalized: new
normalized: org
normalized: gtk
normalized: example
normalized: application
normalized: flags
normalized: none
normalized: signal
normalized: connect
normalized: app
normalized: activate
normalized: callback
normalized: activate
normalized: null
normalized: status
normalized: application
normalized: run
normalized: application
normalized: app
normalized: argc
normalized: argv
normalized: object
normalized: unref
normalized: app
normalized: return
normalized: status
normalized: compiling
normalized: with
normalized: gtk
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: command
normalized: compile
normalized: gtk
normalized: example
normalized: gcc
normalized: pkg
normalized: config
normalized: cflags
normalized: gtk
normalized: gtk
normalized: example
normalized: gtk
normalized: example
normalized: pkg
normalized: config
normalized: libs
normalized: gtk
normalized: pkg
normalized: config
normalized: cflags
normalized: gtk
normalized: will
normalized: produce
normalized: list
normalized: header
normalized: paths
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: application
normalized: and
normalized: pkg
normalized: config
normalized: libs
normalized: gtk
normalized: will
normalized: produce
normalized: list
normalized: library
normalized: paths
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: back
normalized: ticks
normalized: for
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: substitution
normalized: more
normalized: detailed
normalized: explanation
normalized: can
normalized: found
normalized: references
normalized: below
normalized: which
normalized: include
normalized: well
normalized: written
normalized: tutorial
normalized: reference
normalized: gtk
normalized: documentation
normalized: getting
normalized: started
normalized: with
normalized: gtk
normalized: compiling
normalized: gtk
normalized: applications
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: homebrew
normalized: installation
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: homebrew
normalized: installation
normalized: macos
normalized: users
normalized: are
normalized: lucky
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: get
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: grace
normalized: graphical
normalized: interface
normalized: with
normalized: large
normalized: ecosystem
normalized: applications
normalized: make
normalized: their
normalized: computer
normalized: productive
normalized: plus
normalized: they
normalized: have
normalized: access
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: power
normalized: unix
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: hood
normalized: apple
normalized: includes
normalized: lot
normalized: the
normalized: core
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: utilities
normalized: default
normalized: but
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: want
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: need
normalized: added
normalized: some
normalized: these
normalized: can
normalized: installed
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: apple
normalized: developer
normalized: tool
normalized: xcode
normalized: but
normalized: lots
normalized: great
normalized: open
normalized: source
normalized: software
normalized: needs
normalized: installed
normalized: separately
normalized: the
normalized: easiest
normalized: way
normalized: install
normalized: open
normalized: source
normalized: software
normalized: through
normalized: package
normalized: manager
normalized: linux
normalized: users
normalized: are
normalized: likely
normalized: already
normalized: familiar
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: concept
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: several
normalized: package
normalized: managers
normalized: for
normalized: macos
normalized: but
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: called
normalized: homebrew
normalized: easy
normalized: install
normalized: and
normalized: easy
normalized: use
normalized: for
normalized: installing
normalized: other
normalized: tools
normalized: get
normalized: started
normalized: open
normalized: terminal
normalized: window
normalized: and
normalized: browser
normalized: window
normalized: your
normalized: browser
normalized: visit
normalized: the
normalized: homebrew
normalized: site
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: command
normalized: near
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: simply
normalized: asks
normalized: you
normalized: copy
normalized: and
normalized: paste
normalized: complex
normalized: command
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: never
normalized: blindly
normalized: copy
normalized: paste
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: without
normalized: understanding
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: will
normalized: your
normalized: computer
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: homebrew
normalized: page
normalized: explains
normalized: what
normalized: will
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: hearing
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: safe
normalized: tool
normalized: install
normalized: far
normalized: know
normalized: switch
normalized: terminal
normalized: and
normalized: paste
normalized: that
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: installation
normalized: will
normalized: download
normalized: some
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: start
normalized: running
normalized: you
normalized: never
normalized: run
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: developer
normalized: oriented
normalized: commands
normalized: like
normalized: gcc
normalized: make
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: see
normalized: popup
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: click
normalized: install
normalized: let
normalized: xcode
normalized: its
normalized: thing
normalized: may
normalized: large
normalized: download
normalized: this
normalized: installer
normalized: downloads
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: tools
normalized: from
normalized: apple
normalized: and
normalized: installs
normalized: them
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: these
normalized: tools
normalized: and
normalized: does
normalized: homebrew
normalized: when
normalized: that
normalized: completes
normalized: press
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: terminal
normalized: window
normalized: allow
normalized: the
normalized: homebrew
normalized: installation
normalized: complete
normalized: then
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: install
normalized: new
normalized: packages
normalized: with
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: brew
normalized: install
normalized: followed
normalized: the
normalized: package
normalized: name
normalized: homebrew
normalized: actually
normalized: calls
normalized: them
normalized: formulas
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: search
normalized: for
normalized: package
normalized: names
normalized: with
normalized: brew
normalized: search
normalized: later
normalized: periodically
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: brew
normalized: update
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: brew
normalized: upgrade
normalized: keep
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: software
normalized: date
normalized: this
normalized: about
normalized: once
normalized: month
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: bin
normalized: csh
normalized: set
normalized: nonomatch
normalized: set
normalized: echo
normalized: out
normalized: dsym
normalized: foreach
normalized: makefile
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: end
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: prog
normalized: names
normalized: objs
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: libs
normalized: phony
normalized: all
normalized: clean
normalized: all
normalized: names
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: prog
normalized: objs
normalized: cflags
normalized: objs
normalized: libs
normalized: prog
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: depend
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: clean
normalized: prog
normalized: dsym
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: text
normalized: the
normalized: sonnets
normalized: william
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: body
normalized: color
normalized: black
normalized: background
normalized: white
normalized: margin
normalized: right
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: font
normalized: family
normalized: times
normalized: new
normalized: roman
normalized: serif
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: justify
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: noindent
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: font
normalized: weight
normalized: bold
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: font
normalized: weight
normalized: bold
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: poem
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: contents
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: thought
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: letter
normalized: spacing
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: letter
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: margin
normalized: right
normalized: footnote
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: margin
normalized: right
normalized: transnote
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: margin
normalized: right
normalized: intro
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: margin
normalized: right
normalized: quote
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: margin
normalized: right
normalized: finis
normalized: font
normalized: size
normalized: larger
normalized: text
normalized: align
normalized: center
normalized: text
normalized: indent
normalized: margin
normalized: left
normalized: margin
normalized: right
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: ebook
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: sonnets
normalized: william
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: this
normalized: ebook
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: anyone
normalized: anywhere
normalized: cost
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: almost
normalized: restrictions
normalized: whatsoever
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: copy
normalized: give
normalized: away
normalized: use
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: included
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: ebook
normalized: online
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: title
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: sonnets
normalized: author
normalized: william
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: posting
normalized: date
normalized: april
normalized: ebook
normalized: release
normalized: date
normalized: september
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: march
normalized: language
normalized: english
normalized: character
normalized: set
normalized: encoding
normalized: iso
normalized: start
normalized: this
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: ebook
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: sonnets
normalized: produced
normalized: joseph
normalized: miller
normalized: and
normalized: embry
normalized: riddle
normalized: aeronautical
normalized: university
normalized: library
normalized: html
normalized: version
normalized: haines
normalized: the
normalized: sonnets
normalized: william
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: from
normalized: fairest
normalized: creatures
normalized: desire
normalized: increase
normalized: that
normalized: thereby
normalized: beauty
normalized: rose
normalized: might
normalized: never
normalized: die
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: riper
normalized: should
normalized: time
normalized: decease
normalized: his
normalized: tender
normalized: heir
normalized: might
normalized: bear
normalized: his
normalized: memory
normalized: but
normalized: thou
normalized: contracted
normalized: thine
normalized: own
normalized: bright
normalized: eyes
normalized: feed
normalized: thy
normalized: light
normalized: flame
normalized: with
normalized: self
normalized: substantial
normalized: fuel
normalized: making
normalized: famine
normalized: where
normalized: abundance
normalized: lies
normalized: thyself
normalized: thy
normalized: foe
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: self
normalized: too
normalized: cruel
normalized: thou
normalized: that
normalized: art
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: fresh
normalized: ornament
normalized: and
normalized: only
normalized: herald
normalized: the
normalized: gaudy
normalized: spring
normalized: within
normalized: thine
normalized: own
normalized: bud
normalized: buriest
normalized: thy
normalized: content
normalized: and
normalized: tender
normalized: churl
normalized: mak
normalized: waste
normalized: niggarding
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: pity
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: else
normalized: this
normalized: glutton
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: eat
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: due
normalized: the
normalized: grave
normalized: and
normalized: thee
normalized: when
normalized: forty
normalized: winters
normalized: shall
normalized: besiege
normalized: thy
normalized: brow
normalized: and
normalized: dig
normalized: deep
normalized: trenches
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: field
normalized: thy
normalized: youth
normalized: proud
normalized: livery
normalized: gazed
normalized: now
normalized: will
normalized: tatter
normalized: weed
normalized: small
normalized: worth
normalized: held
normalized: then
normalized: being
normalized: asked
normalized: where
normalized: all
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: lies
normalized: where
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: treasure
normalized: thy
normalized: lusty
normalized: days
normalized: say
normalized: within
normalized: thine
normalized: own
normalized: deep
normalized: sunken
normalized: eyes
normalized: were
normalized: all
normalized: eating
normalized: shame
normalized: and
normalized: thriftless
normalized: praise
normalized: how
normalized: much
normalized: more
normalized: praise
normalized: deserv
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: use
normalized: thou
normalized: couldst
normalized: answer
normalized: this
normalized: fair
normalized: child
normalized: mine
normalized: shall
normalized: sum
normalized: count
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: old
normalized: excuse
normalized: proving
normalized: his
normalized: beauty
normalized: succession
normalized: thine
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: were
normalized: new
normalized: made
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: old
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: thy
normalized: blood
normalized: warm
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: feel
normalized: cold
normalized: iii
normalized: look
normalized: thy
normalized: glass
normalized: and
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: face
normalized: thou
normalized: viewest
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: that
normalized: face
normalized: should
normalized: form
normalized: another
normalized: whose
normalized: fresh
normalized: repair
normalized: now
normalized: thou
normalized: not
normalized: renewest
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: beguile
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: unbless
normalized: some
normalized: mother
normalized: for
normalized: where
normalized: she
normalized: fair
normalized: whose
normalized: unear
normalized: womb
normalized: disdains
normalized: the
normalized: tillage
normalized: thy
normalized: husbandry
normalized: who
normalized: fond
normalized: will
normalized: the
normalized: tomb
normalized: his
normalized: self
normalized: love
normalized: stop
normalized: posterity
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: thy
normalized: mother
normalized: glass
normalized: and
normalized: she
normalized: thee
normalized: calls
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: lovely
normalized: april
normalized: her
normalized: prime
normalized: thou
normalized: through
normalized: windows
normalized: thine
normalized: age
normalized: shalt
normalized: see
normalized: despite
normalized: wrinkles
normalized: this
normalized: thy
normalized: golden
normalized: time
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: thou
normalized: live
normalized: remember
normalized: not
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: die
normalized: single
normalized: and
normalized: thine
normalized: image
normalized: dies
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: unthrifty
normalized: loveliness
normalized: why
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: spend
normalized: upon
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: legacy
normalized: nature
normalized: bequest
normalized: gives
normalized: nothing
normalized: but
normalized: doth
normalized: lend
normalized: and
normalized: being
normalized: frank
normalized: she
normalized: lends
normalized: those
normalized: are
normalized: free
normalized: then
normalized: beauteous
normalized: niggard
normalized: why
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: abuse
normalized: the
normalized: bounteous
normalized: largess
normalized: given
normalized: thee
normalized: give
normalized: profitless
normalized: usurer
normalized: why
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: use
normalized: great
normalized: sum
normalized: sums
normalized: yet
normalized: canst
normalized: not
normalized: live
normalized: for
normalized: having
normalized: traffic
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: alone
normalized: thou
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: self
normalized: dost
normalized: deceive
normalized: then
normalized: how
normalized: when
normalized: nature
normalized: calls
normalized: thee
normalized: gone
normalized: what
normalized: acceptable
normalized: audit
normalized: canst
normalized: thou
normalized: leave
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thy
normalized: unused
normalized: beauty
normalized: must
normalized: tombed
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: which
normalized: used
normalized: lives
normalized: executor
normalized: those
normalized: hours
normalized: that
normalized: with
normalized: gentle
normalized: work
normalized: did
normalized: frame
normalized: the
normalized: lovely
normalized: gaze
normalized: where
normalized: every
normalized: eye
normalized: doth
normalized: dwell
normalized: will
normalized: play
normalized: the
normalized: tyrants
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: same
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: unfair
normalized: which
normalized: fairly
normalized: doth
normalized: excel
normalized: for
normalized: never
normalized: resting
normalized: time
normalized: leads
normalized: summer
normalized: hideous
normalized: winter
normalized: and
normalized: confounds
normalized: him
normalized: there
normalized: sap
normalized: checked
normalized: with
normalized: frost
normalized: and
normalized: lusty
normalized: leaves
normalized: quite
normalized: gone
normalized: beauty
normalized: snowed
normalized: and
normalized: bareness
normalized: every
normalized: where
normalized: then
normalized: were
normalized: not
normalized: summer
normalized: distillation
normalized: left
normalized: liquid
normalized: prisoner
normalized: pent
normalized: walls
normalized: glass
normalized: beauty
normalized: effect
normalized: with
normalized: beauty
normalized: were
normalized: bereft
normalized: nor
normalized: nor
normalized: remembrance
normalized: what
normalized: was
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: flowers
normalized: distill
normalized: though
normalized: they
normalized: with
normalized: winter
normalized: meet
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: leese
normalized: but
normalized: their
normalized: show
normalized: their
normalized: substance
normalized: still
normalized: lives
normalized: sweet
normalized: then
normalized: let
normalized: not
normalized: winter
normalized: ragged
normalized: hand
normalized: deface
normalized: thee
normalized: thy
normalized: summer
normalized: ere
normalized: thou
normalized: distill
normalized: make
normalized: sweet
normalized: some
normalized: vial
normalized: treasure
normalized: thou
normalized: some
normalized: place
normalized: with
normalized: beauty
normalized: treasure
normalized: ere
normalized: self
normalized: kill
normalized: that
normalized: use
normalized: not
normalized: forbidden
normalized: usury
normalized: which
normalized: happies
normalized: those
normalized: that
normalized: pay
normalized: the
normalized: willing
normalized: loan
normalized: that
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: breed
normalized: another
normalized: thee
normalized: ten
normalized: times
normalized: happier
normalized: ten
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: ten
normalized: times
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: were
normalized: happier
normalized: than
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: ten
normalized: thine
normalized: ten
normalized: times
normalized: refigur
normalized: thee
normalized: then
normalized: what
normalized: could
normalized: death
normalized: thou
normalized: shouldst
normalized: depart
normalized: leaving
normalized: thee
normalized: living
normalized: posterity
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: not
normalized: self
normalized: will
normalized: for
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: much
normalized: too
normalized: fair
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: death
normalized: conquest
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: worms
normalized: thine
normalized: heir
normalized: vii
normalized: the
normalized: orient
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: gracious
normalized: light
normalized: lifts
normalized: his
normalized: burning
normalized: head
normalized: each
normalized: under
normalized: eye
normalized: doth
normalized: homage
normalized: his
normalized: new
normalized: appearing
normalized: sight
normalized: serving
normalized: with
normalized: looks
normalized: his
normalized: sacred
normalized: majesty
normalized: and
normalized: having
normalized: climb
normalized: the
normalized: steep
normalized: heavenly
normalized: hill
normalized: resembling
normalized: strong
normalized: youth
normalized: his
normalized: middle
normalized: age
normalized: yet
normalized: mortal
normalized: looks
normalized: adore
normalized: his
normalized: beauty
normalized: still
normalized: attending
normalized: his
normalized: golden
normalized: pilgrimage
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: from
normalized: highmost
normalized: pitch
normalized: with
normalized: weary
normalized: car
normalized: like
normalized: feeble
normalized: age
normalized: reeleth
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: the
normalized: eyes
normalized: fore
normalized: duteous
normalized: now
normalized: converted
normalized: are
normalized: from
normalized: his
normalized: low
normalized: tract
normalized: and
normalized: look
normalized: another
normalized: way
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: thyself
normalized: outgoing
normalized: thy
normalized: noon
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: unlook
normalized: diest
normalized: unless
normalized: thou
normalized: get
normalized: son
normalized: viii
normalized: music
normalized: hear
normalized: why
normalized: hear
normalized: thou
normalized: music
normalized: sadly
normalized: sweets
normalized: with
normalized: sweets
normalized: war
normalized: not
normalized: joy
normalized: delights
normalized: joy
normalized: why
normalized: lov
normalized: thou
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: thou
normalized: receiv
normalized: not
normalized: gladly
normalized: else
normalized: receiv
normalized: with
normalized: pleasure
normalized: thine
normalized: annoy
normalized: the
normalized: true
normalized: concord
normalized: well
normalized: tuned
normalized: sounds
normalized: unions
normalized: married
normalized: offend
normalized: thine
normalized: ear
normalized: they
normalized: but
normalized: sweetly
normalized: chide
normalized: thee
normalized: who
normalized: confounds
normalized: singleness
normalized: the
normalized: parts
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: shouldst
normalized: bear
normalized: mark
normalized: how
normalized: one
normalized: string
normalized: sweet
normalized: husband
normalized: another
normalized: strikes
normalized: each
normalized: each
normalized: mutual
normalized: ordering
normalized: resembling
normalized: sire
normalized: and
normalized: child
normalized: and
normalized: happy
normalized: mother
normalized: who
normalized: all
normalized: one
normalized: one
normalized: pleasing
normalized: note
normalized: sing
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: whose
normalized: speechless
normalized: song
normalized: being
normalized: many
normalized: seeming
normalized: one
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: sings
normalized: this
normalized: thee
normalized: thou
normalized: single
normalized: wilt
normalized: prove
normalized: none
normalized: for
normalized: fear
normalized: wet
normalized: widow
normalized: eye
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: consum
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: single
normalized: life
normalized: thou
normalized: issueless
normalized: shalt
normalized: hap
normalized: die
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: will
normalized: wail
normalized: thee
normalized: like
normalized: makeless
normalized: wife
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: will
normalized: thy
normalized: widow
normalized: and
normalized: still
normalized: weep
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: form
normalized: thee
normalized: hast
normalized: left
normalized: behind
normalized: when
normalized: every
normalized: private
normalized: widow
normalized: well
normalized: may
normalized: keep
normalized: children
normalized: eyes
normalized: her
normalized: husband
normalized: shape
normalized: mind
normalized: look
normalized: what
normalized: unthrift
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: doth
normalized: spend
normalized: shifts
normalized: but
normalized: his
normalized: place
normalized: for
normalized: still
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: enjoys
normalized: but
normalized: beauty
normalized: waste
normalized: hath
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: end
normalized: and
normalized: kept
normalized: unused
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: destroys
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: love
normalized: toward
normalized: others
normalized: that
normalized: bosom
normalized: sits
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: himself
normalized: such
normalized: murd
normalized: rous
normalized: shame
normalized: commits
normalized: for
normalized: shame
normalized: deny
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: bear
normalized: love
normalized: any
normalized: who
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: art
normalized: unprovident
normalized: grant
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: belov
normalized: many
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: none
normalized: lov
normalized: most
normalized: evident
normalized: for
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: possess
normalized: with
normalized: murderous
normalized: hate
normalized: that
normalized: gainst
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: thou
normalized: stick
normalized: not
normalized: conspire
normalized: seeking
normalized: that
normalized: beauteous
normalized: roof
normalized: ruinate
normalized: which
normalized: repair
normalized: should
normalized: thy
normalized: chief
normalized: desire
normalized: change
normalized: thy
normalized: thought
normalized: that
normalized: may
normalized: change
normalized: mind
normalized: shall
normalized: hate
normalized: fairer
normalized: lodg
normalized: than
normalized: gentle
normalized: love
normalized: thy
normalized: presence
normalized: gracious
normalized: and
normalized: kind
normalized: thyself
normalized: least
normalized: kind
normalized: hearted
normalized: prove
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: make
normalized: thee
normalized: another
normalized: self
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: beauty
normalized: still
normalized: may
normalized: live
normalized: thine
normalized: thee
normalized: fast
normalized: thou
normalized: shalt
normalized: wane
normalized: fast
normalized: thou
normalized: grow
normalized: one
normalized: thine
normalized: from
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: thou
normalized: departest
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: fresh
normalized: blood
normalized: which
normalized: youngly
normalized: thou
normalized: bestow
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: call
normalized: thine
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: from
normalized: youth
normalized: convertest
normalized: herein
normalized: lives
normalized: wisdom
normalized: beauty
normalized: and
normalized: increase
normalized: without
normalized: this
normalized: folly
normalized: age
normalized: and
normalized: cold
normalized: decay
normalized: all
normalized: were
normalized: minded
normalized: the
normalized: times
normalized: should
normalized: cease
normalized: and
normalized: threescore
normalized: year
normalized: would
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: away
normalized: let
normalized: those
normalized: whom
normalized: nature
normalized: hath
normalized: not
normalized: made
normalized: for
normalized: store
normalized: harsh
normalized: featureless
normalized: and
normalized: rude
normalized: barrenly
normalized: perish
normalized: look
normalized: whom
normalized: she
normalized: best
normalized: endow
normalized: she
normalized: gave
normalized: thee
normalized: more
normalized: which
normalized: bounteous
normalized: gift
normalized: thou
normalized: shouldst
normalized: bounty
normalized: cherish
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: she
normalized: carv
normalized: thee
normalized: for
normalized: her
normalized: seal
normalized: and
normalized: meant
normalized: thereby
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: shouldst
normalized: print
normalized: more
normalized: not
normalized: let
normalized: that
normalized: copy
normalized: die
normalized: xii
normalized: when
normalized: count
normalized: the
normalized: clock
normalized: that
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: brave
normalized: day
normalized: sunk
normalized: hideous
normalized: night
normalized: when
normalized: behold
normalized: the
normalized: violet
normalized: past
normalized: prime
normalized: and
normalized: sable
normalized: curls
normalized: all
normalized: silvered
normalized: with
normalized: white
normalized: when
normalized: lofty
normalized: trees
normalized: see
normalized: barren
normalized: leaves
normalized: which
normalized: erst
normalized: from
normalized: heat
normalized: did
normalized: canopy
normalized: the
normalized: herd
normalized: and
normalized: summer
normalized: green
normalized: all
normalized: girded
normalized: sheaves
normalized: borne
normalized: the
normalized: bier
normalized: with
normalized: white
normalized: and
normalized: bristly
normalized: beard
normalized: then
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: question
normalized: make
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: among
normalized: the
normalized: wastes
normalized: time
normalized: must
normalized: since
normalized: sweets
normalized: and
normalized: beauties
normalized: themselves
normalized: forsake
normalized: and
normalized: die
normalized: fast
normalized: they
normalized: see
normalized: others
normalized: grow
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: nothing
normalized: gainst
normalized: time
normalized: scythe
normalized: can
normalized: make
normalized: defence
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: save
normalized: breed
normalized: brave
normalized: him
normalized: when
normalized: takes
normalized: thee
normalized: hence
normalized: xiii
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: were
normalized: your
normalized: self
normalized: but
normalized: love
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: longer
normalized: yours
normalized: than
normalized: you
normalized: your
normalized: self
normalized: here
normalized: live
normalized: against
normalized: this
normalized: coming
normalized: end
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: prepare
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: sweet
normalized: semblance
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: give
normalized: should
normalized: that
normalized: beauty
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: hold
normalized: lease
normalized: find
normalized: determination
normalized: then
normalized: you
normalized: were
normalized: yourself
normalized: again
normalized: after
normalized: yourself
normalized: decease
normalized: when
normalized: your
normalized: sweet
normalized: issue
normalized: your
normalized: sweet
normalized: form
normalized: should
normalized: bear
normalized: who
normalized: lets
normalized: fair
normalized: house
normalized: fall
normalized: decay
normalized: which
normalized: husbandry
normalized: honour
normalized: might
normalized: uphold
normalized: against
normalized: the
normalized: stormy
normalized: gusts
normalized: winter
normalized: day
normalized: and
normalized: barren
normalized: rage
normalized: death
normalized: eternal
normalized: cold
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: none
normalized: but
normalized: unthrifts
normalized: dear
normalized: love
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: you
normalized: had
normalized: father
normalized: let
normalized: your
normalized: son
normalized: say
normalized: xiv
normalized: not
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: stars
normalized: judgement
normalized: pluck
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: methinks
normalized: have
normalized: astronomy
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: tell
normalized: good
normalized: evil
normalized: luck
normalized: plagues
normalized: dearths
normalized: seasons
normalized: quality
normalized: nor
normalized: can
normalized: fortune
normalized: brief
normalized: minutes
normalized: tell
normalized: pointing
normalized: each
normalized: his
normalized: thunder
normalized: rain
normalized: and
normalized: wind
normalized: say
normalized: with
normalized: princes
normalized: shall
normalized: well
normalized: oft
normalized: predict
normalized: that
normalized: heaven
normalized: find
normalized: but
normalized: from
normalized: thine
normalized: eyes
normalized: knowledge
normalized: derive
normalized: and
normalized: constant
normalized: stars
normalized: them
normalized: read
normalized: such
normalized: art
normalized: truth
normalized: and
normalized: beauty
normalized: shall
normalized: together
normalized: thrive
normalized: from
normalized: thyself
normalized: store
normalized: thou
normalized: wouldst
normalized: convert
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: else
normalized: thee
normalized: this
normalized: prognosticate
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thy
normalized: end
normalized: truth
normalized: and
normalized: beauty
normalized: doom
normalized: and
normalized: date
normalized: when
normalized: consider
normalized: every
normalized: thing
normalized: that
normalized: grows
normalized: holds
normalized: perfection
normalized: but
normalized: little
normalized: moment
normalized: that
normalized: this
normalized: huge
normalized: stage
normalized: presenteth
normalized: nought
normalized: but
normalized: shows
normalized: whereon
normalized: the
normalized: stars
normalized: secret
normalized: influence
normalized: comment
normalized: when
normalized: perceive
normalized: that
normalized: men
normalized: plants
normalized: increase
normalized: cheered
normalized: and
normalized: checked
normalized: even
normalized: the
normalized: self
normalized: same
normalized: sky
normalized: vaunt
normalized: their
normalized: youthful
normalized: sap
normalized: height
normalized: decrease
normalized: and
normalized: wear
normalized: their
normalized: brave
normalized: state
normalized: out
normalized: memory
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: conceit
normalized: this
normalized: inconstant
normalized: stay
normalized: sets
normalized: you
normalized: most
normalized: rich
normalized: youth
normalized: before
normalized: sight
normalized: where
normalized: wasteful
normalized: time
normalized: debateth
normalized: with
normalized: decay
normalized: change
normalized: your
normalized: day
normalized: youth
normalized: sullied
normalized: night
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: war
normalized: with
normalized: time
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: you
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: takes
normalized: from
normalized: you
normalized: engraft
normalized: you
normalized: new
normalized: xvi
normalized: but
normalized: wherefore
normalized: not
normalized: you
normalized: mightier
normalized: way
normalized: make
normalized: war
normalized: upon
normalized: this
normalized: bloody
normalized: tyrant
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: fortify
normalized: your
normalized: self
normalized: your
normalized: decay
normalized: with
normalized: means
normalized: more
normalized: blessed
normalized: than
normalized: barren
normalized: rhyme
normalized: now
normalized: stand
normalized: you
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: happy
normalized: hours
normalized: and
normalized: many
normalized: maiden
normalized: gardens
normalized: yet
normalized: unset
normalized: with
normalized: virtuous
normalized: wish
normalized: would
normalized: bear
normalized: you
normalized: living
normalized: flowers
normalized: much
normalized: liker
normalized: than
normalized: your
normalized: painted
normalized: counterfeit
normalized: should
normalized: the
normalized: lines
normalized: life
normalized: that
normalized: life
normalized: repair
normalized: which
normalized: this
normalized: time
normalized: pencil
normalized: pupil
normalized: pen
normalized: neither
normalized: inward
normalized: worth
normalized: nor
normalized: outward
normalized: fair
normalized: can
normalized: make
normalized: you
normalized: live
normalized: your
normalized: self
normalized: eyes
normalized: men
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: give
normalized: away
normalized: yourself
normalized: keeps
normalized: yourself
normalized: still
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: live
normalized: drawn
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: sweet
normalized: skill
normalized: xvii
normalized: who
normalized: will
normalized: believe
normalized: verse
normalized: time
normalized: come
normalized: were
normalized: fill
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: most
normalized: high
normalized: deserts
normalized: though
normalized: yet
normalized: heaven
normalized: knows
normalized: but
normalized: tomb
normalized: which
normalized: hides
normalized: your
normalized: life
normalized: and
normalized: shows
normalized: not
normalized: half
normalized: your
normalized: parts
normalized: could
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: beauty
normalized: your
normalized: eyes
normalized: and
normalized: fresh
normalized: numbers
normalized: number
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: graces
normalized: the
normalized: age
normalized: come
normalized: would
normalized: say
normalized: this
normalized: poet
normalized: lies
normalized: such
normalized: heavenly
normalized: touches
normalized: touch
normalized: earthly
normalized: faces
normalized: should
normalized: papers
normalized: yellow
normalized: with
normalized: their
normalized: age
normalized: scorn
normalized: like
normalized: old
normalized: men
normalized: less
normalized: truth
normalized: than
normalized: tongue
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: true
normalized: rights
normalized: term
normalized: poet
normalized: rage
normalized: and
normalized: stretched
normalized: metre
normalized: antique
normalized: song
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: were
normalized: some
normalized: child
normalized: yours
normalized: alive
normalized: that
normalized: time
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: live
normalized: twice
normalized: and
normalized: rhyme
normalized: xviii
normalized: shall
normalized: compare
normalized: thee
normalized: summer
normalized: day
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: more
normalized: lovely
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: temperate
normalized: rough
normalized: winds
normalized: shake
normalized: the
normalized: darling
normalized: buds
normalized: may
normalized: and
normalized: summer
normalized: lease
normalized: hath
normalized: all
normalized: too
normalized: short
normalized: date
normalized: sometime
normalized: too
normalized: hot
normalized: the
normalized: eye
normalized: heaven
normalized: shines
normalized: and
normalized: often
normalized: his
normalized: gold
normalized: complexion
normalized: dimm
normalized: and
normalized: every
normalized: fair
normalized: from
normalized: fair
normalized: sometime
normalized: declines
normalized: chance
normalized: nature
normalized: changing
normalized: course
normalized: untrimm
normalized: but
normalized: thy
normalized: eternal
normalized: summer
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: fade
normalized: nor
normalized: lose
normalized: possession
normalized: that
normalized: fair
normalized: thou
normalized: nor
normalized: shall
normalized: death
normalized: brag
normalized: thou
normalized: wander
normalized: his
normalized: shade
normalized: when
normalized: eternal
normalized: lines
normalized: time
normalized: thou
normalized: grow
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: long
normalized: men
normalized: can
normalized: breathe
normalized: eyes
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: long
normalized: lives
normalized: this
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: gives
normalized: life
normalized: thee
normalized: xix
normalized: devouring
normalized: time
normalized: blunt
normalized: thou
normalized: the
normalized: lion
normalized: paws
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: earth
normalized: devour
normalized: her
normalized: own
normalized: sweet
normalized: brood
normalized: pluck
normalized: the
normalized: keen
normalized: teeth
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: fierce
normalized: tiger
normalized: jaws
normalized: and
normalized: burn
normalized: the
normalized: long
normalized: liv
normalized: phoenix
normalized: her
normalized: blood
normalized: make
normalized: glad
normalized: and
normalized: sorry
normalized: seasons
normalized: thou
normalized: fleets
normalized: and
normalized: whate
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: swift
normalized: footed
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: wide
normalized: world
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: her
normalized: fading
normalized: sweets
normalized: but
normalized: forbid
normalized: thee
normalized: one
normalized: most
normalized: heinous
normalized: crime
normalized: carve
normalized: not
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: hours
normalized: love
normalized: fair
normalized: brow
normalized: nor
normalized: draw
normalized: lines
normalized: there
normalized: with
normalized: thine
normalized: antique
normalized: pen
normalized: him
normalized: thy
normalized: course
normalized: untainted
normalized: allow
normalized: for
normalized: beauty
normalized: pattern
normalized: succeeding
normalized: men
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: yet
normalized: thy
normalized: worst
normalized: old
normalized: time
normalized: despite
normalized: thy
normalized: wrong
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: love
normalized: shall
normalized: verse
normalized: ever
normalized: live
normalized: young
normalized: woman
normalized: face
normalized: with
normalized: nature
normalized: own
normalized: hand
normalized: painted
normalized: hast
normalized: thou
normalized: the
normalized: master
normalized: mistress
normalized: passion
normalized: woman
normalized: gentle
normalized: heart
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: acquainted
normalized: with
normalized: shifting
normalized: change
normalized: false
normalized: women
normalized: fashion
normalized: eye
normalized: more
normalized: bright
normalized: than
normalized: theirs
normalized: less
normalized: false
normalized: rolling
normalized: gilding
normalized: the
normalized: object
normalized: whereupon
normalized: gazeth
normalized: man
normalized: hue
normalized: all
normalized: hues
normalized: his
normalized: controlling
normalized: which
normalized: steals
normalized: men
normalized: eyes
normalized: and
normalized: women
normalized: souls
normalized: amazeth
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: woman
normalized: wert
normalized: thou
normalized: first
normalized: created
normalized: till
normalized: nature
normalized: she
normalized: wrought
normalized: thee
normalized: fell
normalized: doting
normalized: and
normalized: addition
normalized: thee
normalized: defeated
normalized: adding
normalized: one
normalized: thing
normalized: purpose
normalized: nothing
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: since
normalized: she
normalized: prick
normalized: thee
normalized: out
normalized: for
normalized: women
normalized: pleasure
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: mine
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: use
normalized: their
normalized: treasure
normalized: xxi
normalized: not
normalized: with
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: muse
normalized: stirr
normalized: painted
normalized: beauty
normalized: his
normalized: verse
normalized: who
normalized: heaven
normalized: itself
normalized: for
normalized: ornament
normalized: doth
normalized: use
normalized: and
normalized: every
normalized: fair
normalized: with
normalized: his
normalized: fair
normalized: doth
normalized: rehearse
normalized: making
normalized: couplement
normalized: proud
normalized: compare
normalized: with
normalized: sun
normalized: and
normalized: moon
normalized: with
normalized: earth
normalized: and
normalized: sea
normalized: rich
normalized: gems
normalized: with
normalized: april
normalized: first
normalized: born
normalized: flowers
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: things
normalized: rare
normalized: that
normalized: heaven
normalized: air
normalized: this
normalized: huge
normalized: rondure
normalized: hems
normalized: let
normalized: true
normalized: love
normalized: but
normalized: truly
normalized: write
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: believe
normalized: love
normalized: fair
normalized: any
normalized: mother
normalized: child
normalized: though
normalized: not
normalized: bright
normalized: those
normalized: gold
normalized: candles
normalized: fix
normalized: heaven
normalized: air
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: let
normalized: them
normalized: say
normalized: more
normalized: that
normalized: like
normalized: hearsay
normalized: well
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: praise
normalized: that
normalized: purpose
normalized: not
normalized: sell
normalized: xxii
normalized: glass
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: persuade
normalized: old
normalized: long
normalized: youth
normalized: and
normalized: thou
normalized: are
normalized: one
normalized: date
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: thee
normalized: time
normalized: furrows
normalized: behold
normalized: then
normalized: look
normalized: death
normalized: days
normalized: should
normalized: expiate
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: that
normalized: beauty
normalized: that
normalized: doth
normalized: cover
normalized: thee
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: seemly
normalized: raiment
normalized: heart
normalized: which
normalized: thy
normalized: breast
normalized: doth
normalized: live
normalized: thine
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: then
normalized: elder
normalized: than
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: therefore
normalized: love
normalized: thyself
normalized: wary
normalized: not
normalized: for
normalized: myself
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: thee
normalized: will
normalized: bearing
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: keep
normalized: chary
normalized: tender
normalized: nurse
normalized: her
normalized: babe
normalized: from
normalized: faring
normalized: ill
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: presume
normalized: not
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: when
normalized: mine
normalized: slain
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: gav
normalized: thine
normalized: not
normalized: give
normalized: back
normalized: again
normalized: xxiii
normalized: unperfect
normalized: actor
normalized: the
normalized: stage
normalized: who
normalized: with
normalized: his
normalized: fear
normalized: put
normalized: beside
normalized: his
normalized: part
normalized: some
normalized: fierce
normalized: thing
normalized: replete
normalized: with
normalized: too
normalized: much
normalized: rage
normalized: whose
normalized: strength
normalized: abundance
normalized: weakens
normalized: his
normalized: own
normalized: heart
normalized: for
normalized: fear
normalized: trust
normalized: forget
normalized: say
normalized: the
normalized: perfect
normalized: ceremony
normalized: love
normalized: rite
normalized: and
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: love
normalized: strength
normalized: seem
normalized: decay
normalized: ercharg
normalized: with
normalized: burthen
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: love
normalized: might
normalized: let
normalized: looks
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: eloquence
normalized: and
normalized: dumb
normalized: presagers
normalized: speaking
normalized: breast
normalized: who
normalized: plead
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: recompense
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: that
normalized: tongue
normalized: that
normalized: more
normalized: hath
normalized: more
normalized: express
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: learn
normalized: read
normalized: what
normalized: silent
normalized: love
normalized: hath
normalized: writ
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: hear
normalized: with
normalized: eyes
normalized: belongs
normalized: love
normalized: fine
normalized: wit
normalized: xxiv
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: hath
normalized: play
normalized: the
normalized: painter
normalized: and
normalized: hath
normalized: stell
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: form
normalized: table
normalized: heart
normalized: body
normalized: the
normalized: frame
normalized: wherein
normalized: tis
normalized: held
normalized: and
normalized: perspective
normalized: best
normalized: painter
normalized: art
normalized: for
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: painter
normalized: must
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: his
normalized: skill
normalized: find
normalized: where
normalized: your
normalized: true
normalized: image
normalized: pictur
normalized: lies
normalized: which
normalized: bosom
normalized: shop
normalized: hanging
normalized: still
normalized: that
normalized: hath
normalized: his
normalized: windows
normalized: glazed
normalized: with
normalized: thine
normalized: eyes
normalized: now
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: good
normalized: turns
normalized: eyes
normalized: for
normalized: eyes
normalized: have
normalized: done
normalized: mine
normalized: eyes
normalized: have
normalized: drawn
normalized: thy
normalized: shape
normalized: and
normalized: thine
normalized: for
normalized: are
normalized: windows
normalized: breast
normalized: where
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: sun
normalized: delights
normalized: peep
normalized: gaze
normalized: therein
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: yet
normalized: eyes
normalized: this
normalized: cunning
normalized: want
normalized: grace
normalized: their
normalized: art
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: they
normalized: draw
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: they
normalized: see
normalized: know
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: heart
normalized: xxv
normalized: let
normalized: those
normalized: who
normalized: are
normalized: favour
normalized: with
normalized: their
normalized: stars
normalized: public
normalized: honour
normalized: and
normalized: proud
normalized: titles
normalized: boast
normalized: whilst
normalized: whom
normalized: fortune
normalized: such
normalized: triumph
normalized: bars
normalized: unlook
normalized: for
normalized: joy
normalized: that
normalized: honour
normalized: most
normalized: great
normalized: princes
normalized: favourites
normalized: their
normalized: fair
normalized: leaves
normalized: spread
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: marigold
normalized: the
normalized: sun
normalized: eye
normalized: and
normalized: themselves
normalized: their
normalized: pride
normalized: lies
normalized: buried
normalized: for
normalized: frown
normalized: they
normalized: their
normalized: glory
normalized: die
normalized: the
normalized: painful
normalized: warrior
normalized: famoused
normalized: for
normalized: fight
normalized: after
normalized: thousand
normalized: victories
normalized: once
normalized: foil
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: book
normalized: honour
normalized: razed
normalized: quite
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: forgot
normalized: for
normalized: which
normalized: toil
normalized: then
normalized: happy
normalized: that
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: belov
normalized: where
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: remove
normalized: nor
normalized: remov
normalized: xxvi
normalized: lord
normalized: love
normalized: whom
normalized: vassalage
normalized: thy
normalized: merit
normalized: hath
normalized: duty
normalized: strongly
normalized: knit
normalized: thee
normalized: send
normalized: this
normalized: written
normalized: embassage
normalized: witness
normalized: duty
normalized: not
normalized: show
normalized: wit
normalized: duty
normalized: great
normalized: which
normalized: wit
normalized: poor
normalized: mine
normalized: may
normalized: make
normalized: seem
normalized: bare
normalized: wanting
normalized: words
normalized: show
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: hope
normalized: some
normalized: good
normalized: conceit
normalized: thine
normalized: thy
normalized: soul
normalized: thought
normalized: all
normalized: naked
normalized: will
normalized: bestow
normalized: till
normalized: whatsoever
normalized: star
normalized: that
normalized: guides
normalized: moving
normalized: points
normalized: graciously
normalized: with
normalized: fair
normalized: aspect
normalized: and
normalized: puts
normalized: apparel
normalized: tatter
normalized: loving
normalized: show
normalized: worthy
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: respect
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: may
normalized: dare
normalized: boast
normalized: how
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: till
normalized: then
normalized: not
normalized: show
normalized: head
normalized: where
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: prove
normalized: xxvii
normalized: weary
normalized: with
normalized: toil
normalized: haste
normalized: bed
normalized: the
normalized: dear
normalized: respose
normalized: for
normalized: limbs
normalized: with
normalized: travel
normalized: tir
normalized: but
normalized: then
normalized: begins
normalized: journey
normalized: head
normalized: work
normalized: mind
normalized: when
normalized: body
normalized: work
normalized: expired
normalized: for
normalized: then
normalized: thoughts
normalized: from
normalized: far
normalized: where
normalized: abide
normalized: intend
normalized: zealous
normalized: pilgrimage
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: keep
normalized: drooping
normalized: eyelids
normalized: open
normalized: wide
normalized: looking
normalized: darkness
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: blind
normalized: see
normalized: save
normalized: that
normalized: soul
normalized: imaginary
normalized: sight
normalized: presents
normalized: thy
normalized: shadow
normalized: sightless
normalized: view
normalized: which
normalized: like
normalized: jewel
normalized: hung
normalized: ghastly
normalized: night
normalized: makes
normalized: black
normalized: night
normalized: beauteous
normalized: and
normalized: her
normalized: old
normalized: face
normalized: new
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thus
normalized: day
normalized: limbs
normalized: night
normalized: mind
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: myself
normalized: quiet
normalized: find
normalized: xxviii
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: then
normalized: return
normalized: happy
normalized: plight
normalized: that
normalized: debarre
normalized: the
normalized: benefit
normalized: rest
normalized: when
normalized: day
normalized: oppression
normalized: not
normalized: eas
normalized: night
normalized: but
normalized: day
normalized: night
normalized: and
normalized: night
normalized: day
normalized: oppress
normalized: and
normalized: each
normalized: though
normalized: enemies
normalized: either
normalized: reign
normalized: consent
normalized: shake
normalized: hands
normalized: torture
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: toil
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: complain
normalized: how
normalized: far
normalized: toil
normalized: still
normalized: farther
normalized: off
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: please
normalized: him
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: bright
normalized: and
normalized: dost
normalized: him
normalized: grace
normalized: when
normalized: clouds
normalized: blot
normalized: the
normalized: heaven
normalized: flatter
normalized: the
normalized: swart
normalized: complexion
normalized: night
normalized: when
normalized: sparkling
normalized: stars
normalized: twire
normalized: not
normalized: thou
normalized: gild
normalized: the
normalized: even
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: day
normalized: doth
normalized: daily
normalized: draw
normalized: sorrows
normalized: longer
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: night
normalized: doth
normalized: nightly
normalized: make
normalized: grief
normalized: length
normalized: seem
normalized: stronger
normalized: xxix
normalized: when
normalized: disgrace
normalized: with
normalized: fortune
normalized: and
normalized: men
normalized: eyes
normalized: all
normalized: alone
normalized: beweep
normalized: outcast
normalized: state
normalized: and
normalized: trouble
normalized: deaf
normalized: heaven
normalized: with
normalized: bootless
normalized: cries
normalized: and
normalized: look
normalized: upon
normalized: myself
normalized: and
normalized: curse
normalized: fate
normalized: wishing
normalized: like
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: rich
normalized: hope
normalized: featur
normalized: like
normalized: him
normalized: like
normalized: him
normalized: with
normalized: friends
normalized: possess
normalized: desiring
normalized: this
normalized: man
normalized: art
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: man
normalized: scope
normalized: with
normalized: what
normalized: most
normalized: enjoy
normalized: contented
normalized: least
normalized: yet
normalized: these
normalized: thoughts
normalized: self
normalized: almost
normalized: despising
normalized: haply
normalized: think
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: state
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: lark
normalized: break
normalized: day
normalized: arising
normalized: from
normalized: sullen
normalized: earth
normalized: sings
normalized: hymns
normalized: heaven
normalized: gate
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: love
normalized: remember
normalized: such
normalized: wealth
normalized: brings
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: then
normalized: scorn
normalized: change
normalized: state
normalized: with
normalized: kings
normalized: xxx
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: sessions
normalized: sweet
normalized: silent
normalized: thought
normalized: summon
normalized: remembrance
normalized: things
normalized: past
normalized: sigh
normalized: the
normalized: lack
normalized: many
normalized: thing
normalized: sought
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: old
normalized: woes
normalized: new
normalized: wail
normalized: dear
normalized: time
normalized: waste
normalized: then
normalized: can
normalized: drown
normalized: eye
normalized: unused
normalized: flow
normalized: for
normalized: precious
normalized: friends
normalized: hid
normalized: death
normalized: dateless
normalized: night
normalized: and
normalized: weep
normalized: afresh
normalized: love
normalized: long
normalized: since
normalized: cancell
normalized: woe
normalized: and
normalized: moan
normalized: the
normalized: expense
normalized: many
normalized: vanish
normalized: sight
normalized: then
normalized: can
normalized: grieve
normalized: grievances
normalized: foregone
normalized: and
normalized: heavily
normalized: from
normalized: woe
normalized: woe
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: sad
normalized: account
normalized: fore
normalized: bemoaned
normalized: moan
normalized: which
normalized: new
normalized: pay
normalized: not
normalized: paid
normalized: before
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: while
normalized: think
normalized: thee
normalized: dear
normalized: friend
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: all
normalized: losses
normalized: are
normalized: restor
normalized: and
normalized: sorrows
normalized: end
normalized: xxxi
normalized: thy
normalized: bosom
normalized: endeared
normalized: with
normalized: all
normalized: hearts
normalized: which
normalized: lacking
normalized: have
normalized: supposed
normalized: dead
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: reigns
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: love
normalized: loving
normalized: parts
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: friends
normalized: which
normalized: thought
normalized: buried
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: holy
normalized: and
normalized: obsequious
normalized: tear
normalized: hath
normalized: dear
normalized: religious
normalized: love
normalized: stol
normalized: from
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: interest
normalized: the
normalized: dead
normalized: which
normalized: now
normalized: appear
normalized: but
normalized: things
normalized: remov
normalized: that
normalized: hidden
normalized: thee
normalized: lie
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: the
normalized: grave
normalized: where
normalized: buried
normalized: love
normalized: doth
normalized: live
normalized: hung
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: trophies
normalized: lovers
normalized: gone
normalized: who
normalized: all
normalized: their
normalized: parts
normalized: thee
normalized: did
normalized: give
normalized: that
normalized: due
normalized: many
normalized: now
normalized: thine
normalized: alone
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: their
normalized: images
normalized: lov
normalized: view
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: thou
normalized: all
normalized: they
normalized: hast
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: all
normalized: xxxii
normalized: thou
normalized: survive
normalized: well
normalized: contented
normalized: day
normalized: when
normalized: that
normalized: churl
normalized: death
normalized: bones
normalized: with
normalized: dust
normalized: shall
normalized: cover
normalized: and
normalized: shalt
normalized: fortune
normalized: once
normalized: more
normalized: survey
normalized: these
normalized: poor
normalized: rude
normalized: lines
normalized: thy
normalized: deceased
normalized: lover
normalized: compare
normalized: them
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: bett
normalized: ring
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: though
normalized: they
normalized: outstripp
normalized: every
normalized: pen
normalized: reserve
normalized: them
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: not
normalized: for
normalized: their
normalized: rhyme
normalized: exceeded
normalized: the
normalized: height
normalized: happier
normalized: men
normalized: then
normalized: vouchsafe
normalized: but
normalized: this
normalized: loving
normalized: thought
normalized: had
normalized: friend
normalized: muse
normalized: grown
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: growing
normalized: age
normalized: dearer
normalized: birth
normalized: than
normalized: this
normalized: his
normalized: love
normalized: had
normalized: brought
normalized: march
normalized: ranks
normalized: better
normalized: equipage
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: since
normalized: died
normalized: and
normalized: poets
normalized: better
normalized: prove
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: theirs
normalized: for
normalized: their
normalized: style
normalized: read
normalized: his
normalized: for
normalized: his
normalized: love
normalized: xxxiii
normalized: full
normalized: many
normalized: glorious
normalized: morning
normalized: have
normalized: seen
normalized: flatter
normalized: the
normalized: mountain
normalized: tops
normalized: with
normalized: sovereign
normalized: eye
normalized: kissing
normalized: with
normalized: golden
normalized: face
normalized: the
normalized: meadows
normalized: green
normalized: gilding
normalized: pale
normalized: streams
normalized: with
normalized: heavenly
normalized: alchemy
normalized: anon
normalized: permit
normalized: the
normalized: basest
normalized: clouds
normalized: ride
normalized: with
normalized: ugly
normalized: rack
normalized: his
normalized: celestial
normalized: face
normalized: and
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: forlorn
normalized: world
normalized: his
normalized: visage
normalized: hide
normalized: stealing
normalized: unseen
normalized: west
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: disgrace
normalized: even
normalized: sun
normalized: one
normalized: early
normalized: morn
normalized: did
normalized: shine
normalized: with
normalized: all
normalized: triumphant
normalized: splendour
normalized: brow
normalized: but
normalized: out
normalized: alack
normalized: was
normalized: but
normalized: one
normalized: hour
normalized: mine
normalized: the
normalized: region
normalized: cloud
normalized: hath
normalized: mask
normalized: him
normalized: from
normalized: now
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: yet
normalized: him
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: love
normalized: whit
normalized: disdaineth
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: suns
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: may
normalized: stain
normalized: when
normalized: heaven
normalized: sun
normalized: staineth
normalized: xxxiv
normalized: why
normalized: didst
normalized: thou
normalized: promise
normalized: such
normalized: beauteous
normalized: day
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: travel
normalized: forth
normalized: without
normalized: cloak
normalized: let
normalized: base
normalized: clouds
normalized: ertake
normalized: way
normalized: hiding
normalized: thy
normalized: bravery
normalized: their
normalized: rotten
normalized: smoke
normalized: tis
normalized: not
normalized: enough
normalized: that
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: cloud
normalized: thou
normalized: break
normalized: dry
normalized: the
normalized: rain
normalized: storm
normalized: beaten
normalized: face
normalized: for
normalized: man
normalized: well
normalized: such
normalized: salve
normalized: can
normalized: speak
normalized: that
normalized: heals
normalized: the
normalized: wound
normalized: and
normalized: cures
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: disgrace
normalized: nor
normalized: can
normalized: thy
normalized: shame
normalized: give
normalized: physic
normalized: grief
normalized: though
normalized: thou
normalized: repent
normalized: yet
normalized: have
normalized: still
normalized: the
normalized: loss
normalized: the
normalized: offender
normalized: sorrow
normalized: lends
normalized: but
normalized: weak
normalized: relief
normalized: him
normalized: that
normalized: bears
normalized: the
normalized: strong
normalized: offence
normalized: cross
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: those
normalized: tears
normalized: are
normalized: pearl
normalized: which
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: sheds
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: rich
normalized: and
normalized: ransom
normalized: all
normalized: ill
normalized: deeds
normalized: xxxv
normalized: more
normalized: griev
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: done
normalized: roses
normalized: have
normalized: thorns
normalized: and
normalized: silver
normalized: fountains
normalized: mud
normalized: clouds
normalized: and
normalized: eclipses
normalized: stain
normalized: both
normalized: moon
normalized: and
normalized: sun
normalized: and
normalized: loathsome
normalized: canker
normalized: lives
normalized: sweetest
normalized: bud
normalized: all
normalized: men
normalized: make
normalized: faults
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: this
normalized: authorizing
normalized: thy
normalized: trespass
normalized: with
normalized: compare
normalized: myself
normalized: corrupting
normalized: salving
normalized: thy
normalized: amiss
normalized: excusing
normalized: thy
normalized: sins
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: thy
normalized: sins
normalized: are
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: sensual
normalized: fault
normalized: bring
normalized: sense
normalized: thy
normalized: adverse
normalized: party
normalized: thy
normalized: advocate
normalized: and
normalized: gainst
normalized: myself
normalized: lawful
normalized: plea
normalized: commence
normalized: such
normalized: civil
normalized: war
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: hate
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: accessary
normalized: needs
normalized: must
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: sweet
normalized: thief
normalized: which
normalized: sourly
normalized: robs
normalized: from
normalized: xxxvi
normalized: let
normalized: confess
normalized: that
normalized: two
normalized: must
normalized: twain
normalized: although
normalized: our
normalized: undivided
normalized: loves
normalized: are
normalized: one
normalized: shall
normalized: those
normalized: blots
normalized: that
normalized: with
normalized: remain
normalized: without
normalized: thy
normalized: help
normalized: borne
normalized: alone
normalized: our
normalized: two
normalized: loves
normalized: there
normalized: but
normalized: one
normalized: respect
normalized: though
normalized: our
normalized: lives
normalized: separable
normalized: spite
normalized: which
normalized: though
normalized: alter
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: sole
normalized: effect
normalized: yet
normalized: doth
normalized: steal
normalized: sweet
normalized: hours
normalized: from
normalized: love
normalized: delight
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: evermore
normalized: acknowledge
normalized: thee
normalized: lest
normalized: bewailed
normalized: guilt
normalized: should
normalized: thee
normalized: shame
normalized: nor
normalized: thou
normalized: with
normalized: public
normalized: kindness
normalized: honour
normalized: unless
normalized: thou
normalized: take
normalized: that
normalized: honour
normalized: from
normalized: thy
normalized: name
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: such
normalized: sort
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: being
normalized: mine
normalized: mine
normalized: thy
normalized: good
normalized: report
normalized: xxxvii
normalized: decrepit
normalized: father
normalized: takes
normalized: delight
normalized: see
normalized: his
normalized: active
normalized: child
normalized: deeds
normalized: youth
normalized: made
normalized: lame
normalized: fortune
normalized: dearest
normalized: spite
normalized: take
normalized: all
normalized: comfort
normalized: thy
normalized: worth
normalized: and
normalized: truth
normalized: for
normalized: whether
normalized: beauty
normalized: birth
normalized: wealth
normalized: wit
normalized: any
normalized: these
normalized: all
normalized: all
normalized: more
normalized: entitled
normalized: thy
normalized: parts
normalized: crowned
normalized: sit
normalized: make
normalized: love
normalized: engrafted
normalized: this
normalized: store
normalized: then
normalized: not
normalized: lame
normalized: poor
normalized: nor
normalized: despis
normalized: whilst
normalized: that
normalized: this
normalized: shadow
normalized: doth
normalized: such
normalized: substance
normalized: give
normalized: that
normalized: thy
normalized: abundance
normalized: suffic
normalized: and
normalized: part
normalized: all
normalized: thy
normalized: glory
normalized: live
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: look
normalized: what
normalized: best
normalized: that
normalized: best
normalized: wish
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: wish
normalized: have
normalized: then
normalized: ten
normalized: times
normalized: happy
normalized: xxxviii
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: muse
normalized: want
normalized: subject
normalized: invent
normalized: while
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: breathe
normalized: that
normalized: pour
normalized: into
normalized: verse
normalized: thine
normalized: own
normalized: sweet
normalized: argument
normalized: too
normalized: excellent
normalized: for
normalized: every
normalized: vulgar
normalized: paper
normalized: rehearse
normalized: give
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: the
normalized: thanks
normalized: aught
normalized: worthy
normalized: perusal
normalized: stand
normalized: against
normalized: thy
normalized: sight
normalized: for
normalized: who
normalized: dumb
normalized: that
normalized: cannot
normalized: write
normalized: thee
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: dost
normalized: give
normalized: invention
normalized: light
normalized: thou
normalized: the
normalized: tenth
normalized: muse
normalized: ten
normalized: times
normalized: more
normalized: worth
normalized: than
normalized: those
normalized: old
normalized: nine
normalized: which
normalized: rhymers
normalized: invocate
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: calls
normalized: thee
normalized: let
normalized: him
normalized: bring
normalized: forth
normalized: eternal
normalized: numbers
normalized: outlive
normalized: long
normalized: date
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: slight
normalized: muse
normalized: please
normalized: these
normalized: curious
normalized: days
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: the
normalized: pain
normalized: mine
normalized: but
normalized: thine
normalized: shall
normalized: the
normalized: praise
normalized: xxxix
normalized: how
normalized: thy
normalized: worth
normalized: with
normalized: manners
normalized: may
normalized: sing
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: better
normalized: part
normalized: what
normalized: can
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: praise
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: self
normalized: bring
normalized: and
normalized: what
normalized: but
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: when
normalized: praise
normalized: thee
normalized: even
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: let
normalized: divided
normalized: live
normalized: and
normalized: our
normalized: dear
normalized: love
normalized: lose
normalized: name
normalized: single
normalized: one
normalized: that
normalized: this
normalized: separation
normalized: may
normalized: give
normalized: that
normalized: due
normalized: thee
normalized: which
normalized: thou
normalized: deserv
normalized: alone
normalized: absence
normalized: what
normalized: torment
normalized: wouldst
normalized: thou
normalized: prove
normalized: were
normalized: not
normalized: thy
normalized: sour
normalized: leisure
normalized: gave
normalized: sweet
normalized: leave
normalized: entertain
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: with
normalized: thoughts
normalized: love
normalized: which
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: thoughts
normalized: sweetly
normalized: doth
normalized: deceive
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: teachest
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: one
normalized: twain
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: praising
normalized: him
normalized: here
normalized: who
normalized: doth
normalized: hence
normalized: remain
normalized: take
normalized: all
normalized: loves
normalized: love
normalized: yea
normalized: take
normalized: them
normalized: all
normalized: what
normalized: hast
normalized: thou
normalized: then
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: thou
normalized: hadst
normalized: before
normalized: love
normalized: love
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: true
normalized: love
normalized: call
normalized: all
normalized: mine
normalized: was
normalized: thine
normalized: before
normalized: thou
normalized: hadst
normalized: this
normalized: more
normalized: then
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: thou
normalized: love
normalized: receivest
normalized: cannot
normalized: blame
normalized: thee
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: thou
normalized: usest
normalized: but
normalized: yet
normalized: blam
normalized: thou
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: deceivest
normalized: wilful
normalized: taste
normalized: what
normalized: thyself
normalized: refusest
normalized: forgive
normalized: thy
normalized: robbery
normalized: gentle
normalized: thief
normalized: although
normalized: thou
normalized: steal
normalized: thee
normalized: all
normalized: poverty
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: love
normalized: knows
normalized: greater
normalized: grief
normalized: bear
normalized: love
normalized: wrong
normalized: than
normalized: hate
normalized: known
normalized: injury
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: lascivious
normalized: grace
normalized: whom
normalized: all
normalized: ill
normalized: well
normalized: shows
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: kill
normalized: with
normalized: spites
normalized: yet
normalized: must
normalized: not
normalized: foes
normalized: xli
normalized: those
normalized: pretty
normalized: wrongs
normalized: that
normalized: liberty
normalized: commits
normalized: when
normalized: sometime
normalized: absent
normalized: from
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: and
normalized: thy
normalized: years
normalized: full
normalized: well
normalized: befits
normalized: for
normalized: still
normalized: temptation
normalized: follows
normalized: where
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: gentle
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: won
normalized: beauteous
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: therefore
normalized: assail
normalized: and
normalized: when
normalized: woman
normalized: woos
normalized: what
normalized: woman
normalized: son
normalized: will
normalized: sourly
normalized: leave
normalized: her
normalized: till
normalized: have
normalized: prevail
normalized: but
normalized: yet
normalized: thou
normalized: mightst
normalized: seat
normalized: forbear
normalized: and
normalized: chide
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: and
normalized: thy
normalized: straying
normalized: youth
normalized: who
normalized: lead
normalized: thee
normalized: their
normalized: riot
normalized: even
normalized: there
normalized: where
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: forced
normalized: break
normalized: twofold
normalized: truth
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: hers
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: tempting
normalized: her
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thine
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: being
normalized: false
normalized: xlii
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: her
normalized: not
normalized: all
normalized: grief
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: may
normalized: said
normalized: loved
normalized: her
normalized: dearly
normalized: that
normalized: she
normalized: hath
normalized: thee
normalized: wailing
normalized: chief
normalized: loss
normalized: love
normalized: that
normalized: touches
normalized: more
normalized: nearly
normalized: loving
normalized: offenders
normalized: thus
normalized: will
normalized: excuse
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: love
normalized: her
normalized: because
normalized: thou
normalized: know
normalized: love
normalized: her
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: sake
normalized: even
normalized: doth
normalized: she
normalized: abuse
normalized: suffering
normalized: friend
normalized: for
normalized: sake
normalized: approve
normalized: her
normalized: lose
normalized: thee
normalized: loss
normalized: love
normalized: gain
normalized: and
normalized: losing
normalized: her
normalized: friend
normalized: hath
normalized: found
normalized: that
normalized: loss
normalized: both
normalized: find
normalized: each
normalized: other
normalized: and
normalized: lose
normalized: both
normalized: twain
normalized: and
normalized: both
normalized: for
normalized: sake
normalized: lay
normalized: this
normalized: cross
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: joy
normalized: friend
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: one
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: sweet
normalized: flattery
normalized: then
normalized: she
normalized: loves
normalized: but
normalized: alone
normalized: xliii
normalized: when
normalized: most
normalized: wink
normalized: then
normalized: mine
normalized: eyes
normalized: best
normalized: see
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: they
normalized: view
normalized: things
normalized: unrespected
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: sleep
normalized: dreams
normalized: they
normalized: look
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: darkly
normalized: bright
normalized: are
normalized: bright
normalized: dark
normalized: directed
normalized: then
normalized: thou
normalized: whose
normalized: shadow
normalized: shadows
normalized: doth
normalized: make
normalized: bright
normalized: how
normalized: would
normalized: thy
normalized: shadow
normalized: form
normalized: form
normalized: happy
normalized: show
normalized: the
normalized: clear
normalized: day
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: much
normalized: clearer
normalized: light
normalized: when
normalized: unseeing
normalized: eyes
normalized: thy
normalized: shade
normalized: shines
normalized: how
normalized: would
normalized: say
normalized: mine
normalized: eyes
normalized: blessed
normalized: made
normalized: looking
normalized: thee
normalized: the
normalized: living
normalized: day
normalized: when
normalized: dead
normalized: night
normalized: thy
normalized: fair
normalized: imperfect
normalized: shade
normalized: through
normalized: heavy
normalized: sleep
normalized: sightless
normalized: eyes
normalized: doth
normalized: stay
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: all
normalized: days
normalized: are
normalized: nights
normalized: see
normalized: till
normalized: see
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: nights
normalized: bright
normalized: days
normalized: when
normalized: dreams
normalized: show
normalized: thee
normalized: xliv
normalized: the
normalized: dull
normalized: substance
normalized: flesh
normalized: were
normalized: thought
normalized: injurious
normalized: distance
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: stop
normalized: way
normalized: for
normalized: then
normalized: despite
normalized: space
normalized: would
normalized: brought
normalized: from
normalized: limits
normalized: far
normalized: remote
normalized: where
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: stay
normalized: matter
normalized: then
normalized: although
normalized: foot
normalized: did
normalized: stand
normalized: upon
normalized: the
normalized: farthest
normalized: earth
normalized: remov
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: for
normalized: nimble
normalized: thought
normalized: can
normalized: jump
normalized: both
normalized: sea
normalized: and
normalized: land
normalized: soon
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: place
normalized: where
normalized: would
normalized: but
normalized: thought
normalized: kills
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: thought
normalized: leap
normalized: large
normalized: lengths
normalized: miles
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: gone
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: much
normalized: earth
normalized: and
normalized: water
normalized: wrought
normalized: must
normalized: attend
normalized: time
normalized: leisure
normalized: with
normalized: moan
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: receiving
normalized: nought
normalized: elements
normalized: slow
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: heavy
normalized: tears
normalized: badges
normalized: either
normalized: woe
normalized: xlv
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: two
normalized: slight
normalized: air
normalized: and
normalized: purging
normalized: fire
normalized: are
normalized: both
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: wherever
normalized: abide
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: thought
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: desire
normalized: these
normalized: present
normalized: absent
normalized: with
normalized: swift
normalized: motion
normalized: slide
normalized: for
normalized: when
normalized: these
normalized: quicker
normalized: elements
normalized: are
normalized: gone
normalized: tender
normalized: embassy
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: life
normalized: being
normalized: made
normalized: four
normalized: with
normalized: two
normalized: alone
normalized: sinks
normalized: down
normalized: death
normalized: oppress
normalized: with
normalized: melancholy
normalized: until
normalized: life
normalized: composition
normalized: recur
normalized: those
normalized: swift
normalized: messengers
normalized: return
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: who
normalized: even
normalized: but
normalized: now
normalized: come
normalized: back
normalized: again
normalized: assur
normalized: thy
normalized: fair
normalized: health
normalized: recounting
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: told
normalized: joy
normalized: but
normalized: then
normalized: longer
normalized: glad
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: send
normalized: them
normalized: back
normalized: again
normalized: and
normalized: straight
normalized: grow
normalized: sad
normalized: xlvi
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: and
normalized: heart
normalized: are
normalized: mortal
normalized: war
normalized: how
normalized: divide
normalized: the
normalized: conquest
normalized: thy
normalized: sight
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: heart
normalized: thy
normalized: picture
normalized: sight
normalized: would
normalized: bar
normalized: heart
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: the
normalized: freedom
normalized: that
normalized: right
normalized: heart
normalized: doth
normalized: plead
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: him
normalized: dost
normalized: lie
normalized: closet
normalized: never
normalized: pierc
normalized: with
normalized: crystal
normalized: eyes
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: defendant
normalized: doth
normalized: that
normalized: plea
normalized: deny
normalized: and
normalized: says
normalized: him
normalized: thy
normalized: fair
normalized: appearance
normalized: lies
normalized: side
normalized: this
normalized: title
normalized: impannelled
normalized: quest
normalized: thoughts
normalized: all
normalized: tenants
normalized: the
normalized: heart
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: verdict
normalized: determined
normalized: the
normalized: clear
normalized: eye
normalized: moiety
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: dear
normalized: heart
normalized: part
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thus
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: due
normalized: thy
normalized: outward
normalized: part
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: heart
normalized: right
normalized: thy
normalized: inward
normalized: love
normalized: heart
normalized: xlvii
normalized: betwixt
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: and
normalized: heart
normalized: league
normalized: took
normalized: and
normalized: each
normalized: doth
normalized: good
normalized: turns
normalized: now
normalized: unto
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: when
normalized: that
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: famish
normalized: for
normalized: look
normalized: heart
normalized: love
normalized: with
normalized: sighs
normalized: himself
normalized: doth
normalized: smother
normalized: with
normalized: love
normalized: picture
normalized: then
normalized: eye
normalized: doth
normalized: feast
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: painted
normalized: banquet
normalized: bids
normalized: heart
normalized: another
normalized: time
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: heart
normalized: guest
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: thoughts
normalized: love
normalized: doth
normalized: share
normalized: part
normalized: either
normalized: thy
normalized: picture
normalized: love
normalized: thyself
normalized: away
normalized: art
normalized: present
normalized: still
normalized: with
normalized: for
normalized: thou
normalized: not
normalized: farther
normalized: than
normalized: thoughts
normalized: canst
normalized: move
normalized: and
normalized: still
normalized: with
normalized: them
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: they
normalized: sleep
normalized: thy
normalized: picture
normalized: sight
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: awakes
normalized: heart
normalized: heart
normalized: and
normalized: eye
normalized: delight
normalized: xlviii
normalized: how
normalized: careful
normalized: was
normalized: when
normalized: took
normalized: way
normalized: each
normalized: trifle
normalized: under
normalized: truest
normalized: bars
normalized: thrust
normalized: that
normalized: use
normalized: might
normalized: unused
normalized: stay
normalized: from
normalized: hands
normalized: falsehood
normalized: sure
normalized: wards
normalized: trust
normalized: but
normalized: thou
normalized: whom
normalized: jewels
normalized: trifles
normalized: are
normalized: most
normalized: worthy
normalized: comfort
normalized: now
normalized: greatest
normalized: grief
normalized: thou
normalized: best
normalized: dearest
normalized: and
normalized: mine
normalized: only
normalized: care
normalized: art
normalized: left
normalized: the
normalized: prey
normalized: every
normalized: vulgar
normalized: thief
normalized: thee
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: lock
normalized: any
normalized: chest
normalized: save
normalized: where
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: not
normalized: though
normalized: feel
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: gentle
normalized: closure
normalized: breast
normalized: from
normalized: whence
normalized: pleasure
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: come
normalized: and
normalized: part
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: even
normalized: thence
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: stol
normalized: fear
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: truth
normalized: proves
normalized: thievish
normalized: for
normalized: prize
normalized: dear
normalized: xlix
normalized: against
normalized: that
normalized: time
normalized: ever
normalized: that
normalized: time
normalized: come
normalized: when
normalized: shall
normalized: see
normalized: thee
normalized: frown
normalized: defects
normalized: when
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: hath
normalized: cast
normalized: his
normalized: utmost
normalized: sum
normalized: call
normalized: that
normalized: audit
normalized: advis
normalized: respects
normalized: against
normalized: that
normalized: time
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: shalt
normalized: strangely
normalized: pass
normalized: and
normalized: scarcely
normalized: greet
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: sun
normalized: thine
normalized: eye
normalized: when
normalized: love
normalized: converted
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: was
normalized: shall
normalized: reasons
normalized: find
normalized: settled
normalized: gravity
normalized: against
normalized: that
normalized: time
normalized: ensconce
normalized: here
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: knowledge
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: desert
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: hand
normalized: against
normalized: self
normalized: uprear
normalized: guard
normalized: the
normalized: lawful
normalized: reasons
normalized: thy
normalized: part
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: leave
normalized: poor
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: the
normalized: strength
normalized: laws
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: since
normalized: why
normalized: love
normalized: can
normalized: allege
normalized: cause
normalized: how
normalized: heavy
normalized: journey
normalized: the
normalized: way
normalized: when
normalized: what
normalized: seek
normalized: weary
normalized: travel
normalized: end
normalized: doth
normalized: teach
normalized: that
normalized: ease
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: repose
normalized: say
normalized: thus
normalized: far
normalized: the
normalized: miles
normalized: are
normalized: measured
normalized: from
normalized: thy
normalized: friend
normalized: the
normalized: beast
normalized: that
normalized: bears
normalized: tired
normalized: with
normalized: woe
normalized: plods
normalized: dully
normalized: bear
normalized: that
normalized: weight
normalized: some
normalized: instinct
normalized: the
normalized: wretch
normalized: did
normalized: know
normalized: his
normalized: rider
normalized: lov
normalized: not
normalized: speed
normalized: being
normalized: made
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: the
normalized: bloody
normalized: spur
normalized: cannot
normalized: provoke
normalized: him
normalized: that
normalized: sometimes
normalized: anger
normalized: thrusts
normalized: into
normalized: his
normalized: hide
normalized: which
normalized: heavily
normalized: answers
normalized: with
normalized: groan
normalized: more
normalized: sharp
normalized: than
normalized: spurring
normalized: his
normalized: side
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: same
normalized: groan
normalized: doth
normalized: put
normalized: this
normalized: mind
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: grief
normalized: lies
normalized: onward
normalized: and
normalized: joy
normalized: behind
normalized: thus
normalized: can
normalized: love
normalized: excuse
normalized: the
normalized: slow
normalized: offence
normalized: dull
normalized: bearer
normalized: when
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: speed
normalized: from
normalized: where
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: why
normalized: should
normalized: haste
normalized: thence
normalized: till
normalized: return
normalized: posting
normalized: need
normalized: what
normalized: excuse
normalized: will
normalized: poor
normalized: beast
normalized: then
normalized: find
normalized: when
normalized: swift
normalized: extremity
normalized: can
normalized: seem
normalized: but
normalized: slow
normalized: then
normalized: should
normalized: spur
normalized: though
normalized: mounted
normalized: the
normalized: wind
normalized: winged
normalized: speed
normalized: motion
normalized: shall
normalized: know
normalized: then
normalized: can
normalized: horse
normalized: with
normalized: desire
normalized: keep
normalized: pace
normalized: therefore
normalized: desire
normalized: perfect
normalized: love
normalized: being
normalized: made
normalized: shall
normalized: neigh
normalized: dull
normalized: flesh
normalized: his
normalized: fiery
normalized: race
normalized: but
normalized: love
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: thus
normalized: shall
normalized: excuse
normalized: jade
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: since
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: going
normalized: went
normalized: wilful
normalized: slow
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: towards
normalized: thee
normalized: run
normalized: and
normalized: give
normalized: him
normalized: leave
normalized: lii
normalized: the
normalized: rich
normalized: whose
normalized: blessed
normalized: key
normalized: can
normalized: bring
normalized: him
normalized: his
normalized: sweet
normalized: locked
normalized: treasure
normalized: the
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: every
normalized: hour
normalized: survey
normalized: for
normalized: blunting
normalized: the
normalized: fine
normalized: point
normalized: seldom
normalized: pleasure
normalized: therefore
normalized: are
normalized: feasts
normalized: solemn
normalized: and
normalized: rare
normalized: since
normalized: seldom
normalized: coming
normalized: that
normalized: long
normalized: year
normalized: set
normalized: like
normalized: stones
normalized: worth
normalized: they
normalized: thinly
normalized: placed
normalized: are
normalized: captain
normalized: jewels
normalized: the
normalized: carcanet
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: that
normalized: keeps
normalized: you
normalized: chest
normalized: the
normalized: wardrobe
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: robe
normalized: doth
normalized: hide
normalized: make
normalized: some
normalized: special
normalized: instant
normalized: special
normalized: blest
normalized: new
normalized: unfolding
normalized: his
normalized: imprison
normalized: pride
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: blessed
normalized: are
normalized: you
normalized: whose
normalized: worthiness
normalized: gives
normalized: scope
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: being
normalized: had
normalized: triumph
normalized: being
normalized: lacked
normalized: hope
normalized: liii
normalized: what
normalized: your
normalized: substance
normalized: whereof
normalized: are
normalized: you
normalized: made
normalized: that
normalized: millions
normalized: strange
normalized: shadows
normalized: you
normalized: tend
normalized: since
normalized: every
normalized: one
normalized: hath
normalized: every
normalized: one
normalized: one
normalized: shade
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: but
normalized: one
normalized: can
normalized: every
normalized: shadow
normalized: lend
normalized: describe
normalized: adonis
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: counterfeit
normalized: poorly
normalized: imitated
normalized: after
normalized: you
normalized: helen
normalized: cheek
normalized: all
normalized: art
normalized: beauty
normalized: set
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: grecian
normalized: tires
normalized: are
normalized: painted
normalized: new
normalized: speak
normalized: the
normalized: spring
normalized: and
normalized: foison
normalized: the
normalized: year
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: doth
normalized: shadow
normalized: your
normalized: beauty
normalized: show
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: your
normalized: bounty
normalized: doth
normalized: appear
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: every
normalized: blessed
normalized: shape
normalized: know
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: all
normalized: external
normalized: grace
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: some
normalized: part
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: like
normalized: none
normalized: none
normalized: you
normalized: for
normalized: constant
normalized: heart
normalized: liv
normalized: how
normalized: much
normalized: more
normalized: doth
normalized: beauty
normalized: beauteous
normalized: seem
normalized: that
normalized: sweet
normalized: ornament
normalized: which
normalized: truth
normalized: doth
normalized: give
normalized: the
normalized: rose
normalized: looks
normalized: fair
normalized: but
normalized: fairer
normalized: deem
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: sweet
normalized: odour
normalized: which
normalized: doth
normalized: live
normalized: the
normalized: canker
normalized: blooms
normalized: have
normalized: full
normalized: deep
normalized: dye
normalized: the
normalized: perfumed
normalized: tincture
normalized: the
normalized: roses
normalized: hang
normalized: such
normalized: thorns
normalized: and
normalized: play
normalized: wantonly
normalized: when
normalized: summer
normalized: breath
normalized: their
normalized: masked
normalized: buds
normalized: discloses
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: their
normalized: virtue
normalized: only
normalized: their
normalized: show
normalized: they
normalized: live
normalized: unwoo
normalized: and
normalized: unrespected
normalized: fade
normalized: die
normalized: themselves
normalized: sweet
normalized: roses
normalized: not
normalized: their
normalized: sweet
normalized: deaths
normalized: are
normalized: sweetest
normalized: odours
normalized: made
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: beauteous
normalized: and
normalized: lovely
normalized: youth
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: when
normalized: that
normalized: shall
normalized: vade
normalized: verse
normalized: distills
normalized: your
normalized: truth
normalized: not
normalized: marble
normalized: nor
normalized: the
normalized: gilded
normalized: monuments
normalized: princes
normalized: shall
normalized: outlive
normalized: this
normalized: powerful
normalized: rhyme
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: shine
normalized: more
normalized: bright
normalized: these
normalized: contents
normalized: than
normalized: unswept
normalized: stone
normalized: besmear
normalized: with
normalized: sluttish
normalized: time
normalized: when
normalized: wasteful
normalized: war
normalized: shall
normalized: statues
normalized: overturn
normalized: and
normalized: broils
normalized: root
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: masonry
normalized: nor
normalized: mars
normalized: his
normalized: sword
normalized: nor
normalized: war
normalized: quick
normalized: fire
normalized: shall
normalized: burn
normalized: the
normalized: living
normalized: record
normalized: your
normalized: memory
normalized: gainst
normalized: death
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: oblivious
normalized: enmity
normalized: shall
normalized: you
normalized: pace
normalized: forth
normalized: your
normalized: praise
normalized: shall
normalized: still
normalized: find
normalized: room
normalized: even
normalized: the
normalized: eyes
normalized: all
normalized: posterity
normalized: that
normalized: wear
normalized: this
normalized: world
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: ending
normalized: doom
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: till
normalized: the
normalized: judgment
normalized: that
normalized: yourself
normalized: arise
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: you
normalized: live
normalized: this
normalized: and
normalized: dwell
normalized: lovers
normalized: eyes
normalized: lvi
normalized: sweet
normalized: love
normalized: renew
normalized: thy
normalized: force
normalized: not
normalized: said
normalized: thy
normalized: edge
normalized: should
normalized: blunter
normalized: than
normalized: appetite
normalized: which
normalized: but
normalized: day
normalized: feeding
normalized: allay
normalized: morrow
normalized: sharpened
normalized: his
normalized: former
normalized: might
normalized: love
normalized: thou
normalized: although
normalized: day
normalized: thou
normalized: fill
normalized: thy
normalized: hungry
normalized: eyes
normalized: even
normalized: till
normalized: they
normalized: wink
normalized: with
normalized: fulness
normalized: morrow
normalized: see
normalized: again
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: kill
normalized: the
normalized: spirit
normalized: love
normalized: with
normalized: perpetual
normalized: dulness
normalized: let
normalized: this
normalized: sad
normalized: interim
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: ocean
normalized: which
normalized: parts
normalized: the
normalized: shore
normalized: where
normalized: two
normalized: contracted
normalized: new
normalized: come
normalized: daily
normalized: the
normalized: banks
normalized: that
normalized: when
normalized: they
normalized: see
normalized: return
normalized: love
normalized: more
normalized: blest
normalized: may
normalized: the
normalized: view
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: call
normalized: winter
normalized: which
normalized: being
normalized: full
normalized: care
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: makes
normalized: summer
normalized: welcome
normalized: thrice
normalized: more
normalized: wished
normalized: more
normalized: rare
normalized: lvii
normalized: being
normalized: your
normalized: slave
normalized: what
normalized: should
normalized: but
normalized: tend
normalized: upon
normalized: the
normalized: hours
normalized: and
normalized: times
normalized: your
normalized: desire
normalized: have
normalized: precious
normalized: time
normalized: all
normalized: spend
normalized: nor
normalized: services
normalized: till
normalized: you
normalized: require
normalized: nor
normalized: dare
normalized: chide
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: without
normalized: end
normalized: hour
normalized: whilst
normalized: sovereign
normalized: watch
normalized: the
normalized: clock
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: nor
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: bitterness
normalized: absence
normalized: sour
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: bid
normalized: your
normalized: servant
normalized: once
normalized: adieu
normalized: nor
normalized: dare
normalized: question
normalized: with
normalized: jealous
normalized: thought
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: your
normalized: affairs
normalized: suppose
normalized: but
normalized: like
normalized: sad
normalized: slave
normalized: stay
normalized: and
normalized: think
normalized: nought
normalized: save
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: how
normalized: happy
normalized: you
normalized: make
normalized: those
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: true
normalized: fool
normalized: love
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: will
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: though
normalized: you
normalized: anything
normalized: thinks
normalized: ill
normalized: lviii
normalized: that
normalized: god
normalized: forbid
normalized: that
normalized: made
normalized: first
normalized: your
normalized: slave
normalized: should
normalized: thought
normalized: control
normalized: your
normalized: times
normalized: pleasure
normalized: your
normalized: hand
normalized: the
normalized: account
normalized: hours
normalized: crave
normalized: being
normalized: your
normalized: vassal
normalized: bound
normalized: stay
normalized: your
normalized: leisure
normalized: let
normalized: suffer
normalized: being
normalized: your
normalized: beck
normalized: the
normalized: imprison
normalized: absence
normalized: your
normalized: liberty
normalized: and
normalized: patience
normalized: tame
normalized: sufferance
normalized: bide
normalized: each
normalized: check
normalized: without
normalized: accusing
normalized: you
normalized: injury
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: list
normalized: your
normalized: charter
normalized: strong
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: yourself
normalized: may
normalized: privilage
normalized: your
normalized: time
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: you
normalized: doth
normalized: belong
normalized: yourself
normalized: pardon
normalized: self
normalized: doing
normalized: crime
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: wait
normalized: though
normalized: waiting
normalized: hell
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: not
normalized: blame
normalized: your
normalized: pleasure
normalized: ill
normalized: well
normalized: lix
normalized: there
normalized: nothing
normalized: new
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: hath
normalized: been
normalized: before
normalized: how
normalized: are
normalized: our
normalized: brains
normalized: beguil
normalized: which
normalized: labouring
normalized: for
normalized: invention
normalized: bear
normalized: amiss
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: burthen
normalized: former
normalized: child
normalized: that
normalized: record
normalized: could
normalized: with
normalized: backward
normalized: look
normalized: even
normalized: five
normalized: hundred
normalized: courses
normalized: the
normalized: sun
normalized: show
normalized: your
normalized: image
normalized: some
normalized: antique
normalized: book
normalized: since
normalized: mind
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: was
normalized: done
normalized: that
normalized: might
normalized: see
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: old
normalized: world
normalized: could
normalized: say
normalized: this
normalized: composed
normalized: wonder
normalized: your
normalized: frame
normalized: are
normalized: mended
normalized: better
normalized: they
normalized: whether
normalized: revolution
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: sure
normalized: the
normalized: wits
normalized: former
normalized: days
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: subjects
normalized: worse
normalized: have
normalized: given
normalized: admiring
normalized: praise
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: waves
normalized: make
normalized: towards
normalized: the
normalized: pebbled
normalized: shore
normalized: our
normalized: minutes
normalized: hasten
normalized: their
normalized: end
normalized: each
normalized: changing
normalized: place
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: goes
normalized: before
normalized: sequent
normalized: toil
normalized: all
normalized: forwards
normalized: contend
normalized: nativity
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: light
normalized: crawls
normalized: maturity
normalized: wherewith
normalized: being
normalized: crown
normalized: crooked
normalized: eclipses
normalized: gainst
normalized: his
normalized: glory
normalized: fight
normalized: and
normalized: time
normalized: that
normalized: gave
normalized: doth
normalized: now
normalized: his
normalized: gift
normalized: confound
normalized: time
normalized: doth
normalized: transfix
normalized: the
normalized: flourish
normalized: set
normalized: youth
normalized: and
normalized: delves
normalized: the
normalized: parallels
normalized: beauty
normalized: brow
normalized: feeds
normalized: the
normalized: rarities
normalized: nature
normalized: truth
normalized: and
normalized: nothing
normalized: stands
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: his
normalized: scythe
normalized: mow
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: times
normalized: hope
normalized: verse
normalized: shall
normalized: stand
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: praising
normalized: thy
normalized: worth
normalized: despite
normalized: his
normalized: cruel
normalized: hand
normalized: lxi
normalized: thy
normalized: will
normalized: thy
normalized: image
normalized: should
normalized: keep
normalized: open
normalized: heavy
normalized: eyelids
normalized: the
normalized: weary
normalized: night
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: desire
normalized: slumbers
normalized: should
normalized: broken
normalized: while
normalized: shadows
normalized: like
normalized: thee
normalized: mock
normalized: sight
normalized: thy
normalized: spirit
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: send
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: far
normalized: from
normalized: home
normalized: into
normalized: deeds
normalized: pry
normalized: find
normalized: out
normalized: shames
normalized: and
normalized: idle
normalized: hours
normalized: the
normalized: scope
normalized: and
normalized: tenure
normalized: thy
normalized: jealousy
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: though
normalized: much
normalized: not
normalized: great
normalized: love
normalized: that
normalized: keeps
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: awake
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: true
normalized: love
normalized: that
normalized: doth
normalized: rest
normalized: defeat
normalized: play
normalized: the
normalized: watchman
normalized: ever
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: sake
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: thee
normalized: watch
normalized: whilst
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: wake
normalized: elsewhere
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: from
normalized: far
normalized: off
normalized: with
normalized: others
normalized: all
normalized: too
normalized: near
normalized: lxii
normalized: sin
normalized: self
normalized: love
normalized: possesseth
normalized: all
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: soul
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: every
normalized: part
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: sin
normalized: there
normalized: remedy
normalized: grounded
normalized: inward
normalized: heart
normalized: methinks
normalized: face
normalized: gracious
normalized: mine
normalized: shape
normalized: true
normalized: truth
normalized: such
normalized: account
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: myself
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: worth
normalized: define
normalized: all
normalized: other
normalized: all
normalized: worths
normalized: surmount
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: glass
normalized: shows
normalized: myself
normalized: indeed
normalized: beated
normalized: and
normalized: chopp
normalized: with
normalized: tanned
normalized: antiquity
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: self
normalized: love
normalized: quite
normalized: contrary
normalized: read
normalized: self
normalized: self
normalized: loving
normalized: were
normalized: iniquity
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: tis
normalized: thee
normalized: myself
normalized: that
normalized: for
normalized: myself
normalized: praise
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: painting
normalized: age
normalized: with
normalized: beauty
normalized: thy
normalized: days
normalized: lxiii
normalized: against
normalized: love
normalized: shall
normalized: now
normalized: with
normalized: time
normalized: injurious
normalized: hand
normalized: crush
normalized: and
normalized: erworn
normalized: when
normalized: hours
normalized: have
normalized: drain
normalized: his
normalized: blood
normalized: and
normalized: fill
normalized: his
normalized: brow
normalized: with
normalized: lines
normalized: and
normalized: wrinkles
normalized: when
normalized: his
normalized: youthful
normalized: morn
normalized: hath
normalized: travell
normalized: age
normalized: steepy
normalized: night
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: beauties
normalized: whereof
normalized: now
normalized: king
normalized: are
normalized: vanishing
normalized: vanished
normalized: out
normalized: sight
normalized: stealing
normalized: away
normalized: the
normalized: treasure
normalized: his
normalized: spring
normalized: for
normalized: such
normalized: time
normalized: now
normalized: fortify
normalized: against
normalized: confounding
normalized: age
normalized: cruel
normalized: knife
normalized: that
normalized: shall
normalized: never
normalized: cut
normalized: from
normalized: memory
normalized: sweet
normalized: love
normalized: beauty
normalized: though
normalized: lover
normalized: life
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: his
normalized: beauty
normalized: shall
normalized: these
normalized: black
normalized: lines
normalized: seen
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: shall
normalized: live
normalized: and
normalized: them
normalized: still
normalized: green
normalized: lxiv
normalized: when
normalized: have
normalized: seen
normalized: time
normalized: fell
normalized: hand
normalized: defac
normalized: the
normalized: rich
normalized: proud
normalized: cost
normalized: outworn
normalized: buried
normalized: age
normalized: when
normalized: sometime
normalized: lofty
normalized: towers
normalized: see
normalized: down
normalized: raz
normalized: and
normalized: brass
normalized: eternal
normalized: slave
normalized: mortal
normalized: rage
normalized: when
normalized: have
normalized: seen
normalized: the
normalized: hungry
normalized: ocean
normalized: gain
normalized: advantage
normalized: the
normalized: kingdom
normalized: the
normalized: shore
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: firm
normalized: soil
normalized: win
normalized: the
normalized: watery
normalized: main
normalized: increasing
normalized: store
normalized: with
normalized: loss
normalized: and
normalized: loss
normalized: with
normalized: store
normalized: when
normalized: have
normalized: seen
normalized: such
normalized: interchange
normalized: state
normalized: state
normalized: itself
normalized: confounded
normalized: decay
normalized: ruin
normalized: hath
normalized: taught
normalized: thus
normalized: ruminate
normalized: that
normalized: time
normalized: will
normalized: come
normalized: and
normalized: take
normalized: love
normalized: away
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: thought
normalized: death
normalized: which
normalized: cannot
normalized: choose
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: weep
normalized: have
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: fears
normalized: lose
normalized: lxv
normalized: since
normalized: brass
normalized: nor
normalized: stone
normalized: nor
normalized: earth
normalized: nor
normalized: boundless
normalized: sea
normalized: but
normalized: sad
normalized: mortality
normalized: ersways
normalized: their
normalized: power
normalized: how
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: rage
normalized: shall
normalized: beauty
normalized: hold
normalized: plea
normalized: whose
normalized: action
normalized: stronger
normalized: than
normalized: flower
normalized: how
normalized: shall
normalized: summer
normalized: honey
normalized: breath
normalized: hold
normalized: out
normalized: against
normalized: the
normalized: wrackful
normalized: siege
normalized: battering
normalized: days
normalized: when
normalized: rocks
normalized: impregnable
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: stout
normalized: nor
normalized: gates
normalized: steel
normalized: strong
normalized: but
normalized: time
normalized: decays
normalized: fearful
normalized: meditation
normalized: where
normalized: alack
normalized: shall
normalized: time
normalized: best
normalized: jewel
normalized: from
normalized: time
normalized: chest
normalized: lie
normalized: hid
normalized: what
normalized: strong
normalized: hand
normalized: can
normalized: hold
normalized: his
normalized: swift
normalized: foot
normalized: back
normalized: who
normalized: his
normalized: spoil
normalized: beauty
normalized: can
normalized: forbid
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: none
normalized: unless
normalized: this
normalized: miracle
normalized: have
normalized: might
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: black
normalized: ink
normalized: love
normalized: may
normalized: still
normalized: shine
normalized: bright
normalized: lxvi
normalized: tired
normalized: with
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: for
normalized: restful
normalized: death
normalized: cry
normalized: behold
normalized: desert
normalized: beggar
normalized: born
normalized: and
normalized: needy
normalized: nothing
normalized: trimm
normalized: jollity
normalized: and
normalized: purest
normalized: faith
normalized: unhappily
normalized: forsworn
normalized: and
normalized: gilded
normalized: honour
normalized: shamefully
normalized: misplac
normalized: and
normalized: maiden
normalized: virtue
normalized: rudely
normalized: strumpeted
normalized: and
normalized: right
normalized: perfection
normalized: wrongfully
normalized: disgrac
normalized: and
normalized: strength
normalized: limping
normalized: sway
normalized: disabled
normalized: and
normalized: art
normalized: made
normalized: tongue
normalized: tied
normalized: authority
normalized: and
normalized: folly
normalized: doctor
normalized: like
normalized: controlling
normalized: skill
normalized: and
normalized: simple
normalized: truth
normalized: miscall
normalized: simplicity
normalized: and
normalized: captive
normalized: good
normalized: attending
normalized: captain
normalized: ill
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: tir
normalized: with
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: from
normalized: these
normalized: would
normalized: gone
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: save
normalized: that
normalized: die
normalized: leave
normalized: love
normalized: alone
normalized: lxvii
normalized: wherefore
normalized: with
normalized: infection
normalized: should
normalized: live
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: his
normalized: presence
normalized: grace
normalized: impiety
normalized: that
normalized: sin
normalized: him
normalized: advantage
normalized: should
normalized: achieve
normalized: and
normalized: lace
normalized: itself
normalized: with
normalized: his
normalized: society
normalized: why
normalized: should
normalized: false
normalized: painting
normalized: imitate
normalized: his
normalized: cheek
normalized: and
normalized: steel
normalized: dead
normalized: seeming
normalized: his
normalized: living
normalized: hue
normalized: why
normalized: should
normalized: poor
normalized: beauty
normalized: indirectly
normalized: seek
normalized: roses
normalized: shadow
normalized: since
normalized: his
normalized: rose
normalized: true
normalized: why
normalized: should
normalized: live
normalized: now
normalized: nature
normalized: bankrupt
normalized: beggar
normalized: blood
normalized: blush
normalized: through
normalized: lively
normalized: veins
normalized: for
normalized: she
normalized: hath
normalized: exchequer
normalized: now
normalized: but
normalized: his
normalized: and
normalized: proud
normalized: many
normalized: lives
normalized: upon
normalized: his
normalized: gains
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: him
normalized: she
normalized: stores
normalized: show
normalized: what
normalized: wealth
normalized: she
normalized: had
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: days
normalized: long
normalized: since
normalized: before
normalized: these
normalized: last
normalized: bad
normalized: lxviii
normalized: thus
normalized: his
normalized: cheek
normalized: the
normalized: map
normalized: days
normalized: outworn
normalized: when
normalized: beauty
normalized: lived
normalized: and
normalized: died
normalized: flowers
normalized: now
normalized: before
normalized: these
normalized: bastard
normalized: signs
normalized: fair
normalized: were
normalized: born
normalized: durst
normalized: inhabit
normalized: living
normalized: brow
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: golden
normalized: tresses
normalized: the
normalized: dead
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: sepulchres
normalized: were
normalized: shorn
normalized: away
normalized: live
normalized: second
normalized: life
normalized: second
normalized: head
normalized: ere
normalized: beauty
normalized: dead
normalized: fleece
normalized: made
normalized: another
normalized: gay
normalized: him
normalized: those
normalized: holy
normalized: antique
normalized: hours
normalized: are
normalized: seen
normalized: without
normalized: all
normalized: ornament
normalized: itself
normalized: and
normalized: true
normalized: making
normalized: summer
normalized: another
normalized: green
normalized: robbing
normalized: old
normalized: dress
normalized: his
normalized: beauty
normalized: new
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: him
normalized: for
normalized: map
normalized: doth
normalized: nature
normalized: store
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: show
normalized: false
normalized: art
normalized: what
normalized: beauty
normalized: was
normalized: yore
normalized: lxix
normalized: those
normalized: parts
normalized: thee
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: eye
normalized: doth
normalized: view
normalized: want
normalized: nothing
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: thought
normalized: hearts
normalized: can
normalized: mend
normalized: all
normalized: tongues
normalized: the
normalized: voice
normalized: souls
normalized: give
normalized: thee
normalized: that
normalized: due
normalized: uttering
normalized: bare
normalized: truth
normalized: even
normalized: foes
normalized: commend
normalized: thy
normalized: outward
normalized: thus
normalized: with
normalized: outward
normalized: praise
normalized: crown
normalized: but
normalized: those
normalized: same
normalized: tongues
normalized: that
normalized: give
normalized: thee
normalized: thine
normalized: own
normalized: other
normalized: accents
normalized: this
normalized: praise
normalized: confound
normalized: seeing
normalized: farther
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: eye
normalized: hath
normalized: shown
normalized: they
normalized: look
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: beauty
normalized: thy
normalized: mind
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: guess
normalized: they
normalized: measure
normalized: thy
normalized: deeds
normalized: then
normalized: churls
normalized: their
normalized: thoughts
normalized: although
normalized: their
normalized: eyes
normalized: were
normalized: kind
normalized: thy
normalized: fair
normalized: flower
normalized: add
normalized: the
normalized: rank
normalized: smell
normalized: weeds
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: why
normalized: thy
normalized: odour
normalized: matcheth
normalized: not
normalized: thy
normalized: show
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: the
normalized: soil
normalized: this
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: common
normalized: grow
normalized: lxx
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: blam
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: thy
normalized: defect
normalized: for
normalized: slander
normalized: mark
normalized: was
normalized: ever
normalized: yet
normalized: the
normalized: fair
normalized: the
normalized: ornament
normalized: beauty
normalized: suspect
normalized: crow
normalized: that
normalized: flies
normalized: heaven
normalized: sweetest
normalized: air
normalized: thou
normalized: good
normalized: slander
normalized: doth
normalized: but
normalized: approve
normalized: thy
normalized: worth
normalized: the
normalized: greater
normalized: being
normalized: woo
normalized: time
normalized: for
normalized: canker
normalized: vice
normalized: the
normalized: sweetest
normalized: buds
normalized: doth
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: thou
normalized: present
normalized: pure
normalized: unstained
normalized: prime
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: passed
normalized: the
normalized: ambush
normalized: young
normalized: days
normalized: either
normalized: not
normalized: assail
normalized: victor
normalized: being
normalized: charg
normalized: yet
normalized: this
normalized: thy
normalized: praise
normalized: cannot
normalized: thy
normalized: praise
normalized: tie
normalized: envy
normalized: evermore
normalized: enlarg
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: some
normalized: suspect
normalized: ill
normalized: mask
normalized: not
normalized: thy
normalized: show
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: thou
normalized: alone
normalized: kingdoms
normalized: hearts
normalized: shouldst
normalized: owe
normalized: lxxi
normalized: longer
normalized: mourn
normalized: for
normalized: when
normalized: dead
normalized: than
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: hear
normalized: the
normalized: surly
normalized: sullen
normalized: bell
normalized: give
normalized: warning
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: that
normalized: fled
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: vile
normalized: world
normalized: with
normalized: vilest
normalized: worms
normalized: dwell
normalized: nay
normalized: you
normalized: read
normalized: this
normalized: line
normalized: remember
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: hand
normalized: that
normalized: writ
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: you
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: sweet
normalized: thoughts
normalized: would
normalized: forgot
normalized: thinking
normalized: then
normalized: should
normalized: make
normalized: you
normalized: woe
normalized: say
normalized: you
normalized: look
normalized: upon
normalized: this
normalized: verse
normalized: when
normalized: perhaps
normalized: compounded
normalized: with
normalized: clay
normalized: not
normalized: much
normalized: poor
normalized: name
normalized: rehearse
normalized: but
normalized: let
normalized: your
normalized: love
normalized: even
normalized: with
normalized: life
normalized: decay
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: lest
normalized: the
normalized: wise
normalized: world
normalized: should
normalized: look
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: moan
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: mock
normalized: you
normalized: with
normalized: after
normalized: gone
normalized: lxxii
normalized: lest
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: should
normalized: task
normalized: you
normalized: recite
normalized: what
normalized: merit
normalized: lived
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: love
normalized: after
normalized: death
normalized: dear
normalized: love
normalized: forget
normalized: quite
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: nothing
normalized: worthy
normalized: prove
normalized: unless
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: devise
normalized: some
normalized: virtuous
normalized: lie
normalized: more
normalized: for
normalized: than
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: desert
normalized: and
normalized: hang
normalized: more
normalized: praise
normalized: upon
normalized: deceased
normalized: than
normalized: niggard
normalized: truth
normalized: would
normalized: willingly
normalized: impart
normalized: lest
normalized: your
normalized: true
normalized: love
normalized: may
normalized: seem
normalized: false
normalized: this
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: speak
normalized: well
normalized: untrue
normalized: name
normalized: buried
normalized: where
normalized: body
normalized: and
normalized: live
normalized: more
normalized: shame
normalized: nor
normalized: nor
normalized: you
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: shamed
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: bring
normalized: forth
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: should
normalized: you
normalized: love
normalized: things
normalized: nothing
normalized: worth
normalized: lxxiii
normalized: that
normalized: time
normalized: year
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: behold
normalized: when
normalized: yellow
normalized: leaves
normalized: none
normalized: few
normalized: hang
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: boughs
normalized: which
normalized: shake
normalized: against
normalized: the
normalized: cold
normalized: bare
normalized: ruin
normalized: choirs
normalized: where
normalized: late
normalized: the
normalized: sweet
normalized: birds
normalized: sang
normalized: thou
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: twilight
normalized: such
normalized: day
normalized: after
normalized: sunset
normalized: fadeth
normalized: the
normalized: west
normalized: which
normalized: and
normalized: black
normalized: night
normalized: doth
normalized: take
normalized: away
normalized: death
normalized: second
normalized: self
normalized: that
normalized: seals
normalized: all
normalized: rest
normalized: thou
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: glowing
normalized: such
normalized: fire
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: ashes
normalized: his
normalized: youth
normalized: doth
normalized: lie
normalized: the
normalized: death
normalized: bed
normalized: whereon
normalized: must
normalized: expire
normalized: consum
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: was
normalized: nourish
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: thou
normalized: perceiv
normalized: which
normalized: makes
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: more
normalized: strong
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: love
normalized: that
normalized: well
normalized: which
normalized: thou
normalized: must
normalized: leave
normalized: ere
normalized: long
normalized: lxxiv
normalized: but
normalized: contented
normalized: when
normalized: that
normalized: fell
normalized: arrest
normalized: without
normalized: all
normalized: bail
normalized: shall
normalized: carry
normalized: away
normalized: life
normalized: hath
normalized: this
normalized: line
normalized: some
normalized: interest
normalized: which
normalized: for
normalized: memorial
normalized: still
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: shall
normalized: stay
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: reviewest
normalized: this
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: part
normalized: was
normalized: consecrate
normalized: thee
normalized: the
normalized: earth
normalized: can
normalized: have
normalized: but
normalized: earth
normalized: which
normalized: his
normalized: due
normalized: spirit
normalized: thine
normalized: the
normalized: better
normalized: part
normalized: then
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: but
normalized: lost
normalized: the
normalized: dregs
normalized: life
normalized: the
normalized: prey
normalized: worms
normalized: body
normalized: being
normalized: dead
normalized: the
normalized: coward
normalized: conquest
normalized: wretch
normalized: knife
normalized: too
normalized: base
normalized: thee
normalized: remembered
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: the
normalized: worth
normalized: that
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: contains
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: this
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: remains
normalized: lxxv
normalized: are
normalized: you
normalized: thoughts
normalized: food
normalized: life
normalized: sweet
normalized: season
normalized: showers
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: ground
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: peace
normalized: you
normalized: hold
normalized: such
normalized: strife
normalized: twixt
normalized: miser
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: wealth
normalized: found
normalized: now
normalized: proud
normalized: enjoyer
normalized: and
normalized: anon
normalized: doubting
normalized: the
normalized: filching
normalized: age
normalized: will
normalized: steal
normalized: his
normalized: treasure
normalized: now
normalized: counting
normalized: best
normalized: with
normalized: you
normalized: alone
normalized: then
normalized: better
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: may
normalized: see
normalized: pleasure
normalized: sometime
normalized: all
normalized: full
normalized: with
normalized: feasting
normalized: your
normalized: sight
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: clean
normalized: starved
normalized: for
normalized: look
normalized: possessing
normalized: pursuing
normalized: delight
normalized: save
normalized: what
normalized: had
normalized: must
normalized: from
normalized: you
normalized: took
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thus
normalized: pine
normalized: and
normalized: surfeit
normalized: day
normalized: day
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: gluttoning
normalized: all
normalized: all
normalized: away
normalized: lxxvi
normalized: why
normalized: verse
normalized: barren
normalized: new
normalized: pride
normalized: far
normalized: from
normalized: variation
normalized: quick
normalized: change
normalized: why
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: not
normalized: glance
normalized: aside
normalized: new
normalized: found
normalized: methods
normalized: and
normalized: compounds
normalized: strange
normalized: why
normalized: write
normalized: still
normalized: all
normalized: one
normalized: ever
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: and
normalized: keep
normalized: invention
normalized: noted
normalized: weed
normalized: that
normalized: every
normalized: word
normalized: doth
normalized: almost
normalized: tell
normalized: name
normalized: showing
normalized: their
normalized: birth
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: did
normalized: proceed
normalized: know
normalized: sweet
normalized: love
normalized: always
normalized: write
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: love
normalized: are
normalized: still
normalized: argument
normalized: all
normalized: best
normalized: dressing
normalized: old
normalized: words
normalized: new
normalized: spending
normalized: again
normalized: what
normalized: already
normalized: spent
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: sun
normalized: daily
normalized: new
normalized: and
normalized: old
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: love
normalized: still
normalized: telling
normalized: what
normalized: told
normalized: lxxvii
normalized: thy
normalized: glass
normalized: will
normalized: show
normalized: thee
normalized: how
normalized: thy
normalized: beauties
normalized: wear
normalized: thy
normalized: dial
normalized: how
normalized: thy
normalized: precious
normalized: minutes
normalized: waste
normalized: these
normalized: vacant
normalized: leaves
normalized: thy
normalized: mind
normalized: imprint
normalized: will
normalized: bear
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: book
normalized: this
normalized: learning
normalized: mayst
normalized: thou
normalized: taste
normalized: the
normalized: wrinkles
normalized: which
normalized: thy
normalized: glass
normalized: will
normalized: truly
normalized: show
normalized: mouthed
normalized: graves
normalized: will
normalized: give
normalized: thee
normalized: memory
normalized: thou
normalized: thy
normalized: dial
normalized: shady
normalized: stealth
normalized: mayst
normalized: know
normalized: time
normalized: thievish
normalized: progress
normalized: eternity
normalized: look
normalized: what
normalized: thy
normalized: memory
normalized: cannot
normalized: contain
normalized: commit
normalized: these
normalized: waste
normalized: blanks
normalized: and
normalized: thou
normalized: shalt
normalized: find
normalized: those
normalized: children
normalized: nursed
normalized: deliver
normalized: from
normalized: thy
normalized: brain
normalized: take
normalized: new
normalized: acquaintance
normalized: thy
normalized: mind
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: these
normalized: offices
normalized: oft
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: look
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: shall
normalized: profit
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: much
normalized: enrich
normalized: thy
normalized: book
normalized: lxxviii
normalized: oft
normalized: have
normalized: invoked
normalized: thee
normalized: for
normalized: muse
normalized: and
normalized: found
normalized: such
normalized: fair
normalized: assistance
normalized: verse
normalized: every
normalized: alien
normalized: pen
normalized: hath
normalized: got
normalized: use
normalized: and
normalized: under
normalized: thee
normalized: their
normalized: poesy
normalized: disperse
normalized: thine
normalized: eyes
normalized: that
normalized: taught
normalized: the
normalized: dumb
normalized: high
normalized: sing
normalized: and
normalized: heavy
normalized: ignorance
normalized: aloft
normalized: fly
normalized: have
normalized: added
normalized: feathers
normalized: the
normalized: learned
normalized: wing
normalized: and
normalized: given
normalized: grace
normalized: double
normalized: majesty
normalized: yet
normalized: most
normalized: proud
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: compile
normalized: whose
normalized: influence
normalized: thine
normalized: and
normalized: born
normalized: thee
normalized: others
normalized: works
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: but
normalized: mend
normalized: the
normalized: style
normalized: and
normalized: arts
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: graces
normalized: graced
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: all
normalized: art
normalized: and
normalized: dost
normalized: advance
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: high
normalized: learning
normalized: rude
normalized: ignorance
normalized: lxxix
normalized: whilst
normalized: alone
normalized: did
normalized: call
normalized: upon
normalized: thy
normalized: aid
normalized: verse
normalized: alone
normalized: had
normalized: all
normalized: thy
normalized: gentle
normalized: grace
normalized: but
normalized: now
normalized: gracious
normalized: numbers
normalized: are
normalized: decay
normalized: and
normalized: sick
normalized: muse
normalized: doth
normalized: give
normalized: other
normalized: place
normalized: grant
normalized: sweet
normalized: love
normalized: thy
normalized: lovely
normalized: argument
normalized: deserves
normalized: the
normalized: travail
normalized: worthier
normalized: pen
normalized: yet
normalized: what
normalized: thee
normalized: thy
normalized: poet
normalized: doth
normalized: invent
normalized: robs
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: pays
normalized: thee
normalized: again
normalized: lends
normalized: thee
normalized: virtue
normalized: and
normalized: stole
normalized: that
normalized: word
normalized: from
normalized: thy
normalized: behaviour
normalized: beauty
normalized: doth
normalized: give
normalized: and
normalized: found
normalized: thy
normalized: cheek
normalized: can
normalized: afford
normalized: praise
normalized: thee
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: thee
normalized: doth
normalized: live
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: thank
normalized: him
normalized: not
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: doth
normalized: say
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: since
normalized: what
normalized: owes
normalized: thee
normalized: thou
normalized: thyself
normalized: dost
normalized: pay
normalized: lxxx
normalized: how
normalized: faint
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: knowing
normalized: better
normalized: spirit
normalized: doth
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: praise
normalized: thereof
normalized: spends
normalized: all
normalized: his
normalized: might
normalized: make
normalized: tongue
normalized: tied
normalized: speaking
normalized: your
normalized: fame
normalized: but
normalized: since
normalized: your
normalized: worth
normalized: wide
normalized: the
normalized: ocean
normalized: the
normalized: humble
normalized: the
normalized: proudest
normalized: sail
normalized: doth
normalized: bear
normalized: saucy
normalized: bark
normalized: inferior
normalized: far
normalized: his
normalized: your
normalized: broad
normalized: main
normalized: doth
normalized: wilfully
normalized: appear
normalized: your
normalized: shallowest
normalized: help
normalized: will
normalized: hold
normalized: afloat
normalized: whilst
normalized: upon
normalized: your
normalized: soundless
normalized: deep
normalized: doth
normalized: ride
normalized: being
normalized: wrack
normalized: worthless
normalized: boat
normalized: tall
normalized: building
normalized: and
normalized: goodly
normalized: pride
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: thrive
normalized: and
normalized: cast
normalized: away
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: the
normalized: worst
normalized: was
normalized: this
normalized: love
normalized: was
normalized: decay
normalized: lxxxi
normalized: shall
normalized: live
normalized: your
normalized: epitaph
normalized: make
normalized: you
normalized: survive
normalized: when
normalized: earth
normalized: rotten
normalized: from
normalized: hence
normalized: your
normalized: memory
normalized: death
normalized: cannot
normalized: take
normalized: although
normalized: each
normalized: part
normalized: will
normalized: forgotten
normalized: your
normalized: name
normalized: from
normalized: hence
normalized: immortal
normalized: life
normalized: shall
normalized: have
normalized: though
normalized: once
normalized: gone
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: must
normalized: die
normalized: the
normalized: earth
normalized: can
normalized: yield
normalized: but
normalized: common
normalized: grave
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: entombed
normalized: men
normalized: eyes
normalized: shall
normalized: lie
normalized: your
normalized: monument
normalized: shall
normalized: gentle
normalized: verse
normalized: which
normalized: eyes
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: created
normalized: shall
normalized: read
normalized: and
normalized: tongues
normalized: your
normalized: being
normalized: shall
normalized: rehearse
normalized: when
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: breathers
normalized: this
normalized: world
normalized: are
normalized: dead
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: you
normalized: still
normalized: shall
normalized: live
normalized: such
normalized: virtue
normalized: hath
normalized: pen
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: where
normalized: breath
normalized: most
normalized: breathes
normalized: even
normalized: the
normalized: mouths
normalized: men
normalized: lxxxii
normalized: grant
normalized: thou
normalized: wert
normalized: not
normalized: married
normalized: muse
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: mayst
normalized: without
normalized: attaint
normalized: erlook
normalized: the
normalized: dedicated
normalized: words
normalized: which
normalized: writers
normalized: use
normalized: their
normalized: fair
normalized: subject
normalized: blessing
normalized: every
normalized: book
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: fair
normalized: knowledge
normalized: hue
normalized: finding
normalized: thy
normalized: worth
normalized: limit
normalized: past
normalized: praise
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: art
normalized: enforced
normalized: seek
normalized: anew
normalized: some
normalized: fresher
normalized: stamp
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: bettering
normalized: days
normalized: and
normalized: love
normalized: yet
normalized: when
normalized: they
normalized: have
normalized: devis
normalized: what
normalized: strained
normalized: touches
normalized: rhetoric
normalized: can
normalized: lend
normalized: thou
normalized: truly
normalized: fair
normalized: wert
normalized: truly
normalized: sympathiz
normalized: true
normalized: plain
normalized: words
normalized: thy
normalized: true
normalized: telling
normalized: friend
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: gross
normalized: painting
normalized: might
normalized: better
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: where
normalized: cheeks
normalized: need
normalized: blood
normalized: thee
normalized: abus
normalized: lxxxiii
normalized: never
normalized: saw
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: did
normalized: painting
normalized: need
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: your
normalized: fair
normalized: painting
normalized: set
normalized: found
normalized: thought
normalized: found
normalized: you
normalized: did
normalized: exceed
normalized: that
normalized: barren
normalized: tender
normalized: poet
normalized: debt
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: have
normalized: slept
normalized: your
normalized: report
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: yourself
normalized: being
normalized: extant
normalized: well
normalized: might
normalized: show
normalized: how
normalized: far
normalized: modern
normalized: quill
normalized: doth
normalized: come
normalized: too
normalized: short
normalized: speaking
normalized: worth
normalized: what
normalized: worth
normalized: you
normalized: doth
normalized: grow
normalized: this
normalized: silence
normalized: for
normalized: sin
normalized: you
normalized: did
normalized: impute
normalized: which
normalized: shall
normalized: most
normalized: glory
normalized: being
normalized: dumb
normalized: for
normalized: impair
normalized: not
normalized: beauty
normalized: being
normalized: mute
normalized: when
normalized: others
normalized: would
normalized: give
normalized: life
normalized: and
normalized: bring
normalized: tomb
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: there
normalized: lives
normalized: more
normalized: life
normalized: one
normalized: your
normalized: fair
normalized: eyes
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: than
normalized: both
normalized: your
normalized: poets
normalized: can
normalized: praise
normalized: devise
normalized: lxxxiv
normalized: who
normalized: that
normalized: says
normalized: most
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: say
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: this
normalized: rich
normalized: praise
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: alone
normalized: are
normalized: you
normalized: whose
normalized: confine
normalized: immured
normalized: the
normalized: store
normalized: which
normalized: should
normalized: example
normalized: where
normalized: your
normalized: equal
normalized: grew
normalized: lean
normalized: penury
normalized: within
normalized: that
normalized: pen
normalized: doth
normalized: dwell
normalized: that
normalized: his
normalized: subject
normalized: lends
normalized: not
normalized: some
normalized: small
normalized: glory
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: writes
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: tell
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: you
normalized: dignifies
normalized: his
normalized: story
normalized: let
normalized: him
normalized: but
normalized: copy
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: writ
normalized: not
normalized: making
normalized: worse
normalized: what
normalized: nature
normalized: made
normalized: clear
normalized: and
normalized: such
normalized: counterpart
normalized: shall
normalized: fame
normalized: his
normalized: wit
normalized: making
normalized: his
normalized: style
normalized: admired
normalized: every
normalized: where
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: you
normalized: your
normalized: beauteous
normalized: blessings
normalized: add
normalized: curse
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: being
normalized: fond
normalized: praise
normalized: which
normalized: makes
normalized: your
normalized: praises
normalized: worse
normalized: lxxxv
normalized: tongue
normalized: tied
normalized: muse
normalized: manners
normalized: holds
normalized: her
normalized: still
normalized: while
normalized: comments
normalized: your
normalized: praise
normalized: richly
normalized: compil
normalized: reserve
normalized: their
normalized: character
normalized: with
normalized: golden
normalized: quill
normalized: and
normalized: precious
normalized: phrase
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: muses
normalized: fil
normalized: think
normalized: good
normalized: thoughts
normalized: whilst
normalized: others
normalized: write
normalized: good
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: like
normalized: unlettered
normalized: clerk
normalized: still
normalized: cry
normalized: amen
normalized: every
normalized: hymn
normalized: that
normalized: able
normalized: spirit
normalized: affords
normalized: polish
normalized: form
normalized: well
normalized: refined
normalized: pen
normalized: hearing
normalized: you
normalized: praised
normalized: say
normalized: tis
normalized: tis
normalized: true
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: praise
normalized: add
normalized: something
normalized: more
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: thought
normalized: whose
normalized: love
normalized: you
normalized: though
normalized: words
normalized: come
normalized: hindmost
normalized: holds
normalized: his
normalized: rank
normalized: before
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: others
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: breath
normalized: words
normalized: respect
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: dumb
normalized: thoughts
normalized: speaking
normalized: effect
normalized: lxxxvi
normalized: was
normalized: the
normalized: proud
normalized: full
normalized: sail
normalized: his
normalized: great
normalized: verse
normalized: bound
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: prize
normalized: all
normalized: too
normalized: precious
normalized: you
normalized: that
normalized: did
normalized: ripe
normalized: thoughts
normalized: brain
normalized: inhearse
normalized: making
normalized: their
normalized: tomb
normalized: the
normalized: womb
normalized: wherein
normalized: they
normalized: grew
normalized: was
normalized: his
normalized: spirit
normalized: spirits
normalized: taught
normalized: write
normalized: above
normalized: mortal
normalized: pitch
normalized: that
normalized: struck
normalized: dead
normalized: neither
normalized: nor
normalized: his
normalized: compeers
normalized: night
normalized: giving
normalized: him
normalized: aid
normalized: verse
normalized: astonished
normalized: nor
normalized: that
normalized: affable
normalized: familiar
normalized: ghost
normalized: which
normalized: nightly
normalized: gulls
normalized: him
normalized: with
normalized: intelligence
normalized: victors
normalized: silence
normalized: cannot
normalized: boast
normalized: was
normalized: not
normalized: sick
normalized: any
normalized: fear
normalized: from
normalized: thence
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: your
normalized: countenance
normalized: fill
normalized: his
normalized: line
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: lacked
normalized: matter
normalized: that
normalized: enfeebled
normalized: mine
normalized: lxxxvii
normalized: farewell
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: too
normalized: dear
normalized: for
normalized: possessing
normalized: and
normalized: like
normalized: enough
normalized: thou
normalized: know
normalized: thy
normalized: estimate
normalized: the
normalized: charter
normalized: thy
normalized: worth
normalized: gives
normalized: thee
normalized: releasing
normalized: bonds
normalized: thee
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: determinate
normalized: for
normalized: how
normalized: hold
normalized: thee
normalized: but
normalized: thy
normalized: granting
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: riches
normalized: where
normalized: deserving
normalized: the
normalized: cause
normalized: this
normalized: fair
normalized: gift
normalized: wanting
normalized: and
normalized: patent
normalized: back
normalized: again
normalized: swerving
normalized: thy
normalized: self
normalized: thou
normalized: gav
normalized: thy
normalized: own
normalized: worth
normalized: then
normalized: not
normalized: knowing
normalized: whom
normalized: thou
normalized: gav
normalized: else
normalized: mistaking
normalized: thy
normalized: great
normalized: gift
normalized: upon
normalized: misprision
normalized: growing
normalized: comes
normalized: home
normalized: again
normalized: better
normalized: judgement
normalized: making
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thus
normalized: have
normalized: had
normalized: thee
normalized: dream
normalized: doth
normalized: flatter
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: sleep
normalized: king
normalized: but
normalized: waking
normalized: such
normalized: matter
normalized: lxxxviii
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: shalt
normalized: dispos
normalized: set
normalized: light
normalized: and
normalized: place
normalized: merit
normalized: the
normalized: eye
normalized: scorn
normalized: upon
normalized: thy
normalized: side
normalized: against
normalized: myself
normalized: fight
normalized: and
normalized: prove
normalized: thee
normalized: virtuous
normalized: though
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: forsworn
normalized: with
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: weakness
normalized: being
normalized: best
normalized: acquainted
normalized: upon
normalized: thy
normalized: part
normalized: can
normalized: set
normalized: down
normalized: story
normalized: faults
normalized: conceal
normalized: wherein
normalized: attainted
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: losing
normalized: shalt
normalized: win
normalized: much
normalized: glory
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: will
normalized: gainer
normalized: too
normalized: for
normalized: bending
normalized: all
normalized: loving
normalized: thoughts
normalized: thee
normalized: the
normalized: injuries
normalized: that
normalized: myself
normalized: doing
normalized: thee
normalized: vantage
normalized: double
normalized: vantage
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: such
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: belong
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: right
normalized: myself
normalized: will
normalized: bear
normalized: all
normalized: wrong
normalized: lxxxix
normalized: say
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: didst
normalized: forsake
normalized: for
normalized: some
normalized: fault
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: comment
normalized: upon
normalized: that
normalized: offence
normalized: speak
normalized: lameness
normalized: and
normalized: straight
normalized: will
normalized: halt
normalized: against
normalized: thy
normalized: reasons
normalized: making
normalized: defence
normalized: thou
normalized: canst
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: disgrace
normalized: half
normalized: ill
normalized: set
normalized: form
normalized: upon
normalized: desired
normalized: change
normalized: myself
normalized: disgrace
normalized: knowing
normalized: thy
normalized: will
normalized: will
normalized: acquaintance
normalized: strangle
normalized: and
normalized: look
normalized: strange
normalized: absent
normalized: from
normalized: thy
normalized: walks
normalized: and
normalized: tongue
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: beloved
normalized: name
normalized: more
normalized: shall
normalized: dwell
normalized: lest
normalized: too
normalized: much
normalized: profane
normalized: should
normalized: wrong
normalized: and
normalized: haply
normalized: our
normalized: old
normalized: acquaintance
normalized: tell
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: thee
normalized: against
normalized: self
normalized: vow
normalized: debate
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: must
normalized: love
normalized: him
normalized: whom
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: hate
normalized: then
normalized: hate
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: ever
normalized: now
normalized: now
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: bent
normalized: deeds
normalized: cross
normalized: join
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: spite
normalized: fortune
normalized: make
normalized: bow
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: drop
normalized: for
normalized: after
normalized: loss
normalized: not
normalized: when
normalized: heart
normalized: hath
normalized: scap
normalized: this
normalized: sorrow
normalized: come
normalized: the
normalized: rearward
normalized: conquer
normalized: woe
normalized: give
normalized: not
normalized: windy
normalized: night
normalized: rainy
normalized: morrow
normalized: linger
normalized: out
normalized: purpos
normalized: overthrow
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: leave
normalized: not
normalized: leave
normalized: last
normalized: when
normalized: other
normalized: petty
normalized: griefs
normalized: have
normalized: done
normalized: their
normalized: spite
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: onset
normalized: come
normalized: shall
normalized: taste
normalized: first
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: worst
normalized: fortune
normalized: might
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: strains
normalized: woe
normalized: which
normalized: now
normalized: seem
normalized: woe
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: compar
normalized: with
normalized: loss
normalized: thee
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: seem
normalized: xci
normalized: some
normalized: glory
normalized: their
normalized: birth
normalized: some
normalized: their
normalized: skill
normalized: some
normalized: their
normalized: wealth
normalized: some
normalized: their
normalized: body
normalized: force
normalized: some
normalized: their
normalized: garments
normalized: though
normalized: new
normalized: fangled
normalized: ill
normalized: some
normalized: their
normalized: hawks
normalized: and
normalized: hounds
normalized: some
normalized: their
normalized: horse
normalized: and
normalized: every
normalized: humour
normalized: hath
normalized: his
normalized: adjunct
normalized: pleasure
normalized: wherein
normalized: finds
normalized: joy
normalized: above
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: but
normalized: these
normalized: particulars
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: measure
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: better
normalized: one
normalized: general
normalized: best
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: better
normalized: than
normalized: high
normalized: birth
normalized: richer
normalized: than
normalized: wealth
normalized: prouder
normalized: than
normalized: garments
normalized: costs
normalized: more
normalized: delight
normalized: than
normalized: hawks
normalized: and
normalized: horses
normalized: and
normalized: having
normalized: thee
normalized: all
normalized: men
normalized: pride
normalized: boast
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: wretched
normalized: this
normalized: alone
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: take
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: all
normalized: this
normalized: away
normalized: and
normalized: most
normalized: wretchcd
normalized: make
normalized: xcii
normalized: but
normalized: thy
normalized: worst
normalized: steal
normalized: thyself
normalized: away
normalized: for
normalized: term
normalized: life
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: assured
normalized: mine
normalized: and
normalized: life
normalized: longer
normalized: than
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: will
normalized: stay
normalized: for
normalized: depends
normalized: upon
normalized: that
normalized: love
normalized: thine
normalized: then
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: fear
normalized: the
normalized: worst
normalized: wrongs
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: least
normalized: them
normalized: life
normalized: hath
normalized: end
normalized: see
normalized: better
normalized: state
normalized: belongs
normalized: than
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: thy
normalized: humour
normalized: doth
normalized: depend
normalized: thou
normalized: canst
normalized: not
normalized: vex
normalized: with
normalized: inconstant
normalized: mind
normalized: since
normalized: that
normalized: life
normalized: thy
normalized: revolt
normalized: doth
normalized: lie
normalized: what
normalized: happy
normalized: title
normalized: find
normalized: happy
normalized: have
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: happy
normalized: die
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: what
normalized: blessed
normalized: fair
normalized: that
normalized: fears
normalized: blot
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: false
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: know
normalized: not
normalized: xciii
normalized: shall
normalized: live
normalized: supposing
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: true
normalized: like
normalized: deceived
normalized: husband
normalized: love
normalized: face
normalized: may
normalized: still
normalized: seem
normalized: love
normalized: though
normalized: alter
normalized: new
normalized: thy
normalized: looks
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: other
normalized: place
normalized: for
normalized: there
normalized: can
normalized: live
normalized: hatred
normalized: thine
normalized: eye
normalized: therefore
normalized: that
normalized: cannot
normalized: know
normalized: thy
normalized: change
normalized: many
normalized: looks
normalized: the
normalized: false
normalized: heart
normalized: history
normalized: writ
normalized: moods
normalized: and
normalized: frowns
normalized: and
normalized: wrinkles
normalized: strange
normalized: but
normalized: heaven
normalized: thy
normalized: creation
normalized: did
normalized: decree
normalized: that
normalized: thy
normalized: face
normalized: sweet
normalized: love
normalized: should
normalized: ever
normalized: dwell
normalized: whate
normalized: thy
normalized: thoughts
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: workings
normalized: thy
normalized: looks
normalized: should
normalized: nothing
normalized: thence
normalized: but
normalized: sweetness
normalized: tell
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: how
normalized: like
normalized: eve
normalized: apple
normalized: doth
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: grow
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: virtue
normalized: answer
normalized: not
normalized: thy
normalized: show
normalized: xciv
normalized: they
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: power
normalized: hurt
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: none
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: they
normalized: most
normalized: show
normalized: who
normalized: moving
normalized: others
normalized: are
normalized: themselves
normalized: stone
normalized: unmoved
normalized: cold
normalized: and
normalized: temptation
normalized: slow
normalized: they
normalized: rightly
normalized: inherit
normalized: heaven
normalized: graces
normalized: and
normalized: husband
normalized: nature
normalized: riches
normalized: from
normalized: expense
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: lords
normalized: and
normalized: owners
normalized: their
normalized: faces
normalized: others
normalized: but
normalized: stewards
normalized: their
normalized: excellence
normalized: the
normalized: summer
normalized: flower
normalized: the
normalized: summer
normalized: sweet
normalized: though
normalized: itself
normalized: only
normalized: live
normalized: and
normalized: die
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: flower
normalized: with
normalized: base
normalized: infection
normalized: meet
normalized: the
normalized: basest
normalized: weed
normalized: outbraves
normalized: his
normalized: dignity
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: sweetest
normalized: things
normalized: turn
normalized: sourest
normalized: their
normalized: deeds
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: lilies
normalized: that
normalized: fester
normalized: smell
normalized: far
normalized: worse
normalized: than
normalized: weeds
normalized: xcv
normalized: how
normalized: sweet
normalized: and
normalized: lovely
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: shame
normalized: which
normalized: like
normalized: canker
normalized: the
normalized: fragrant
normalized: rose
normalized: doth
normalized: spot
normalized: the
normalized: beauty
normalized: thy
normalized: budding
normalized: name
normalized: what
normalized: sweets
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: thy
normalized: sins
normalized: enclose
normalized: that
normalized: tongue
normalized: that
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: story
normalized: thy
normalized: days
normalized: making
normalized: lascivious
normalized: comments
normalized: thy
normalized: sport
normalized: cannot
normalized: dispraise
normalized: but
normalized: kind
normalized: praise
normalized: naming
normalized: thy
normalized: name
normalized: blesses
normalized: ill
normalized: report
normalized: what
normalized: mansion
normalized: have
normalized: those
normalized: vices
normalized: got
normalized: which
normalized: for
normalized: their
normalized: habitation
normalized: chose
normalized: out
normalized: thee
normalized: where
normalized: beauty
normalized: veil
normalized: doth
normalized: cover
normalized: every
normalized: blot
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: things
normalized: turns
normalized: fair
normalized: that
normalized: eyes
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: take
normalized: heed
normalized: dear
normalized: heart
normalized: this
normalized: large
normalized: privilege
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: the
normalized: hardest
normalized: knife
normalized: ill
normalized: doth
normalized: lose
normalized: his
normalized: edge
normalized: xcvi
normalized: some
normalized: say
normalized: thy
normalized: fault
normalized: youth
normalized: some
normalized: wantonness
normalized: some
normalized: say
normalized: thy
normalized: grace
normalized: youth
normalized: and
normalized: gentle
normalized: sport
normalized: both
normalized: grace
normalized: and
normalized: faults
normalized: are
normalized: lov
normalized: more
normalized: and
normalized: less
normalized: thou
normalized: mak
normalized: faults
normalized: graces
normalized: that
normalized: thee
normalized: resort
normalized: the
normalized: finger
normalized: throned
normalized: queen
normalized: the
normalized: basest
normalized: jewel
normalized: will
normalized: well
normalized: esteem
normalized: are
normalized: those
normalized: errors
normalized: that
normalized: thee
normalized: are
normalized: seen
normalized: truths
normalized: translated
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: true
normalized: things
normalized: deem
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: lambs
normalized: might
normalized: the
normalized: stern
normalized: wolf
normalized: betray
normalized: like
normalized: lamb
normalized: could
normalized: his
normalized: looks
normalized: translate
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: gazers
normalized: mightst
normalized: thou
normalized: lead
normalized: away
normalized: thou
normalized: wouldst
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: strength
normalized: all
normalized: thy
normalized: state
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: such
normalized: sort
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: being
normalized: mine
normalized: mine
normalized: thy
normalized: good
normalized: report
normalized: xcvii
normalized: how
normalized: like
normalized: winter
normalized: hath
normalized: absence
normalized: been
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: the
normalized: pleasure
normalized: the
normalized: fleeting
normalized: year
normalized: what
normalized: freezings
normalized: have
normalized: felt
normalized: what
normalized: dark
normalized: days
normalized: seen
normalized: what
normalized: old
normalized: december
normalized: bareness
normalized: everywhere
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: this
normalized: time
normalized: removed
normalized: was
normalized: summer
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: teeming
normalized: autumn
normalized: big
normalized: with
normalized: rich
normalized: increase
normalized: bearing
normalized: the
normalized: wanton
normalized: burden
normalized: the
normalized: prime
normalized: like
normalized: widow
normalized: wombs
normalized: after
normalized: their
normalized: lords
normalized: decease
normalized: yet
normalized: this
normalized: abundant
normalized: issue
normalized: seem
normalized: but
normalized: hope
normalized: orphans
normalized: and
normalized: unfather
normalized: fruit
normalized: for
normalized: summer
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: pleasures
normalized: wait
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: thou
normalized: away
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: birds
normalized: are
normalized: mute
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: they
normalized: sing
normalized: tis
normalized: with
normalized: dull
normalized: cheer
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: leaves
normalized: look
normalized: pale
normalized: dreading
normalized: the
normalized: winter
normalized: near
normalized: xcviii
normalized: from
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: absent
normalized: the
normalized: spring
normalized: when
normalized: proud
normalized: pied
normalized: april
normalized: dress
normalized: all
normalized: his
normalized: trim
normalized: hath
normalized: put
normalized: spirit
normalized: youth
normalized: every
normalized: thing
normalized: that
normalized: heavy
normalized: saturn
normalized: laugh
normalized: and
normalized: leap
normalized: with
normalized: him
normalized: yet
normalized: nor
normalized: the
normalized: lays
normalized: birds
normalized: nor
normalized: the
normalized: sweet
normalized: smell
normalized: different
normalized: flowers
normalized: odour
normalized: and
normalized: hue
normalized: could
normalized: make
normalized: any
normalized: summer
normalized: story
normalized: tell
normalized: from
normalized: their
normalized: proud
normalized: lap
normalized: pluck
normalized: them
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: grew
normalized: nor
normalized: did
normalized: wonder
normalized: the
normalized: lily
normalized: white
normalized: nor
normalized: praise
normalized: the
normalized: deep
normalized: vermilion
normalized: the
normalized: rose
normalized: they
normalized: were
normalized: but
normalized: sweet
normalized: but
normalized: figures
normalized: delight
normalized: drawn
normalized: after
normalized: you
normalized: you
normalized: pattern
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: yet
normalized: seem
normalized: winter
normalized: still
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: away
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: shadow
normalized: with
normalized: these
normalized: did
normalized: play
normalized: xcix
normalized: the
normalized: forward
normalized: violet
normalized: thus
normalized: did
normalized: chide
normalized: sweet
normalized: thief
normalized: whence
normalized: didst
normalized: thou
normalized: steal
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: that
normalized: smells
normalized: not
normalized: from
normalized: love
normalized: breath
normalized: the
normalized: purple
normalized: pride
normalized: which
normalized: thy
normalized: soft
normalized: cheek
normalized: for
normalized: complexion
normalized: dwells
normalized: love
normalized: veins
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: too
normalized: grossly
normalized: the
normalized: lily
normalized: condemned
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: hand
normalized: and
normalized: buds
normalized: marjoram
normalized: had
normalized: stol
normalized: thy
normalized: hair
normalized: the
normalized: roses
normalized: fearfully
normalized: thorns
normalized: did
normalized: stand
normalized: one
normalized: blushing
normalized: shame
normalized: another
normalized: white
normalized: despair
normalized: third
normalized: nor
normalized: red
normalized: nor
normalized: white
normalized: had
normalized: stol
normalized: both
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: robbery
normalized: had
normalized: annex
normalized: thy
normalized: breath
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: his
normalized: theft
normalized: pride
normalized: all
normalized: his
normalized: growth
normalized: vengeful
normalized: canker
normalized: eat
normalized: him
normalized: death
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: more
normalized: flowers
normalized: noted
normalized: yet
normalized: none
normalized: could
normalized: see
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: sweet
normalized: colour
normalized: had
normalized: stol
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: where
normalized: art
normalized: thou
normalized: muse
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: forget
normalized: long
normalized: speak
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: gives
normalized: thee
normalized: all
normalized: thy
normalized: might
normalized: spend
normalized: thou
normalized: thy
normalized: fury
normalized: some
normalized: worthless
normalized: song
normalized: darkening
normalized: thy
normalized: power
normalized: lend
normalized: base
normalized: subjects
normalized: light
normalized: return
normalized: forgetful
normalized: muse
normalized: and
normalized: straight
normalized: redeem
normalized: gentle
normalized: numbers
normalized: time
normalized: idly
normalized: spent
normalized: sing
normalized: the
normalized: ear
normalized: that
normalized: doth
normalized: thy
normalized: lays
normalized: esteem
normalized: and
normalized: gives
normalized: thy
normalized: pen
normalized: both
normalized: skill
normalized: and
normalized: argument
normalized: rise
normalized: resty
normalized: muse
normalized: love
normalized: sweet
normalized: face
normalized: survey
normalized: time
normalized: have
normalized: any
normalized: wrinkle
normalized: graven
normalized: there
normalized: any
normalized: satire
normalized: decay
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: time
normalized: spoils
normalized: despised
normalized: every
normalized: where
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: give
normalized: love
normalized: fame
normalized: faster
normalized: than
normalized: time
normalized: wastes
normalized: life
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: prevent
normalized: his
normalized: scythe
normalized: and
normalized: crooked
normalized: knife
normalized: truant
normalized: muse
normalized: what
normalized: shall
normalized: thy
normalized: amends
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: neglect
normalized: truth
normalized: beauty
normalized: both
normalized: truth
normalized: and
normalized: beauty
normalized: love
normalized: depends
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: too
normalized: and
normalized: therein
normalized: dignified
normalized: make
normalized: answer
normalized: muse
normalized: wilt
normalized: thou
normalized: not
normalized: haply
normalized: say
normalized: truth
normalized: needs
normalized: colour
normalized: with
normalized: his
normalized: colour
normalized: fix
normalized: beauty
normalized: pencil
normalized: beauty
normalized: truth
normalized: lay
normalized: but
normalized: best
normalized: best
normalized: never
normalized: intermix
normalized: because
normalized: needs
normalized: praise
normalized: wilt
normalized: thou
normalized: dumb
normalized: excuse
normalized: not
normalized: silence
normalized: for
normalized: lies
normalized: thee
normalized: make
normalized: him
normalized: much
normalized: outlive
normalized: gilded
normalized: tomb
normalized: and
normalized: prais
normalized: ages
normalized: yet
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: thy
normalized: office
normalized: muse
normalized: teach
normalized: thee
normalized: how
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: make
normalized: him
normalized: seem
normalized: long
normalized: hence
normalized: shows
normalized: now
normalized: cii
normalized: love
normalized: strengthen
normalized: though
normalized: more
normalized: weak
normalized: seeming
normalized: love
normalized: not
normalized: less
normalized: though
normalized: less
normalized: the
normalized: show
normalized: appear
normalized: that
normalized: love
normalized: merchandiz
normalized: whose
normalized: rich
normalized: esteeming
normalized: the
normalized: owner
normalized: tongue
normalized: doth
normalized: publish
normalized: every
normalized: where
normalized: our
normalized: love
normalized: was
normalized: new
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: spring
normalized: when
normalized: was
normalized: wont
normalized: greet
normalized: with
normalized: lays
normalized: philomel
normalized: summer
normalized: front
normalized: doth
normalized: sing
normalized: and
normalized: stops
normalized: her
normalized: pipe
normalized: growth
normalized: riper
normalized: days
normalized: not
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: summer
normalized: less
normalized: pleasant
normalized: now
normalized: than
normalized: when
normalized: her
normalized: mournful
normalized: hymns
normalized: did
normalized: hush
normalized: the
normalized: night
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: wild
normalized: music
normalized: burthens
normalized: every
normalized: bough
normalized: and
normalized: sweets
normalized: grown
normalized: common
normalized: lose
normalized: their
normalized: dear
normalized: delight
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: therefore
normalized: like
normalized: her
normalized: sometime
normalized: hold
normalized: tongue
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: because
normalized: would
normalized: not
normalized: dull
normalized: you
normalized: with
normalized: song
normalized: ciii
normalized: alack
normalized: what
normalized: poverty
normalized: muse
normalized: brings
normalized: forth
normalized: that
normalized: having
normalized: such
normalized: scope
normalized: show
normalized: her
normalized: pride
normalized: the
normalized: argument
normalized: all
normalized: bare
normalized: more
normalized: worth
normalized: than
normalized: when
normalized: hath
normalized: added
normalized: praise
normalized: beside
normalized: blame
normalized: not
normalized: more
normalized: can
normalized: write
normalized: look
normalized: your
normalized: glass
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: appears
normalized: face
normalized: that
normalized: over
normalized: goes
normalized: blunt
normalized: invention
normalized: quite
normalized: dulling
normalized: lines
normalized: and
normalized: doing
normalized: disgrace
normalized: were
normalized: not
normalized: sinful
normalized: then
normalized: striving
normalized: mend
normalized: mar
normalized: the
normalized: subject
normalized: that
normalized: before
normalized: was
normalized: well
normalized: for
normalized: other
normalized: pass
normalized: verses
normalized: tend
normalized: than
normalized: your
normalized: graces
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: gifts
normalized: tell
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: much
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: verse
normalized: can
normalized: sit
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: glass
normalized: shows
normalized: you
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: look
normalized: civ
normalized: fair
normalized: friend
normalized: you
normalized: never
normalized: can
normalized: old
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: were
normalized: when
normalized: first
normalized: your
normalized: eye
normalized: such
normalized: seems
normalized: your
normalized: beauty
normalized: still
normalized: three
normalized: winters
normalized: cold
normalized: have
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: forests
normalized: shook
normalized: three
normalized: summers
normalized: pride
normalized: three
normalized: beauteous
normalized: springs
normalized: yellow
normalized: autumn
normalized: turn
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: seasons
normalized: have
normalized: seen
normalized: three
normalized: april
normalized: perfumes
normalized: three
normalized: hot
normalized: junes
normalized: burn
normalized: since
normalized: first
normalized: saw
normalized: you
normalized: fresh
normalized: which
normalized: yet
normalized: are
normalized: green
normalized: yet
normalized: doth
normalized: beauty
normalized: like
normalized: dial
normalized: hand
normalized: steal
normalized: from
normalized: his
normalized: figure
normalized: and
normalized: pace
normalized: perceiv
normalized: your
normalized: sweet
normalized: hue
normalized: which
normalized: methinks
normalized: still
normalized: doth
normalized: stand
normalized: hath
normalized: motion
normalized: and
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: may
normalized: deceiv
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: fear
normalized: which
normalized: hear
normalized: this
normalized: thou
normalized: age
normalized: unbred
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: ere
normalized: you
normalized: were
normalized: born
normalized: was
normalized: beauty
normalized: summer
normalized: dead
normalized: let
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: call
normalized: idolatry
normalized: nor
normalized: beloved
normalized: idol
normalized: show
normalized: since
normalized: all
normalized: alike
normalized: songs
normalized: and
normalized: praises
normalized: one
normalized: one
normalized: still
normalized: such
normalized: and
normalized: ever
normalized: kind
normalized: love
normalized: day
normalized: morrow
normalized: kind
normalized: still
normalized: constant
normalized: wondrous
normalized: excellence
normalized: therefore
normalized: verse
normalized: constancy
normalized: confin
normalized: one
normalized: thing
normalized: expressing
normalized: leaves
normalized: out
normalized: difference
normalized: fair
normalized: kind
normalized: and
normalized: true
normalized: all
normalized: argument
normalized: fair
normalized: kind
normalized: and
normalized: true
normalized: varying
normalized: other
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: change
normalized: invention
normalized: spent
normalized: three
normalized: themes
normalized: one
normalized: which
normalized: wondrous
normalized: scope
normalized: affords
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: fair
normalized: kind
normalized: and
normalized: true
normalized: have
normalized: often
normalized: liv
normalized: alone
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: which
normalized: three
normalized: till
normalized: now
normalized: never
normalized: kept
normalized: seat
normalized: one
normalized: cvi
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: chronicle
normalized: wasted
normalized: time
normalized: see
normalized: descriptions
normalized: the
normalized: fairest
normalized: wights
normalized: and
normalized: beauty
normalized: making
normalized: beautiful
normalized: old
normalized: rime
normalized: praise
normalized: ladies
normalized: dead
normalized: and
normalized: lovely
normalized: knights
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: blazon
normalized: sweet
normalized: beauty
normalized: best
normalized: hand
normalized: foot
normalized: lip
normalized: eye
normalized: brow
normalized: see
normalized: their
normalized: antique
normalized: pen
normalized: would
normalized: have
normalized: express
normalized: even
normalized: such
normalized: beauty
normalized: you
normalized: master
normalized: now
normalized: all
normalized: their
normalized: praises
normalized: are
normalized: but
normalized: prophecies
normalized: this
normalized: our
normalized: time
normalized: all
normalized: you
normalized: prefiguring
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: they
normalized: looked
normalized: but
normalized: with
normalized: divining
normalized: eyes
normalized: they
normalized: had
normalized: not
normalized: skill
normalized: enough
normalized: your
normalized: worth
normalized: sing
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: which
normalized: now
normalized: behold
normalized: these
normalized: present
normalized: days
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: have
normalized: eyes
normalized: wonder
normalized: but
normalized: lack
normalized: tongues
normalized: praise
normalized: cvii
normalized: not
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: fears
normalized: nor
normalized: the
normalized: prophetic
normalized: soul
normalized: the
normalized: wide
normalized: world
normalized: dreaming
normalized: things
normalized: come
normalized: can
normalized: yet
normalized: the
normalized: lease
normalized: true
normalized: love
normalized: control
normalized: supposed
normalized: forfeit
normalized: confin
normalized: doom
normalized: the
normalized: mortal
normalized: moon
normalized: hath
normalized: her
normalized: eclipse
normalized: endur
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: sad
normalized: augurs
normalized: mock
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: presage
normalized: incertainties
normalized: now
normalized: crown
normalized: themselves
normalized: assur
normalized: and
normalized: peace
normalized: proclaims
normalized: olives
normalized: endless
normalized: age
normalized: now
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: drops
normalized: this
normalized: most
normalized: balmy
normalized: time
normalized: love
normalized: looks
normalized: fresh
normalized: and
normalized: death
normalized: subscribes
normalized: since
normalized: spite
normalized: him
normalized: live
normalized: this
normalized: poor
normalized: rime
normalized: while
normalized: insults
normalized: dull
normalized: and
normalized: speechless
normalized: tribes
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: thou
normalized: this
normalized: shalt
normalized: find
normalized: thy
normalized: monument
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: when
normalized: tyrants
normalized: crests
normalized: and
normalized: tombs
normalized: brass
normalized: are
normalized: spent
normalized: cviii
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: brain
normalized: that
normalized: ink
normalized: may
normalized: character
normalized: which
normalized: hath
normalized: not
normalized: figur
normalized: thee
normalized: true
normalized: spirit
normalized: what
normalized: new
normalized: speak
normalized: what
normalized: now
normalized: register
normalized: that
normalized: may
normalized: express
normalized: love
normalized: thy
normalized: dear
normalized: merit
normalized: nothing
normalized: sweet
normalized: boy
normalized: but
normalized: yet
normalized: like
normalized: prayers
normalized: divine
normalized: must
normalized: each
normalized: day
normalized: say
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: same
normalized: counting
normalized: old
normalized: thing
normalized: old
normalized: thou
normalized: mine
normalized: thine
normalized: even
normalized: when
normalized: first
normalized: hallow
normalized: thy
normalized: fair
normalized: name
normalized: that
normalized: eternal
normalized: love
normalized: love
normalized: fresh
normalized: case
normalized: weighs
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: dust
normalized: and
normalized: injury
normalized: age
normalized: nor
normalized: gives
normalized: necessary
normalized: wrinkles
normalized: place
normalized: but
normalized: makes
normalized: antiquity
normalized: for
normalized: aye
normalized: his
normalized: page
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: finding
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: conceit
normalized: love
normalized: there
normalized: bred
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: where
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: outward
normalized: form
normalized: would
normalized: show
normalized: dead
normalized: cix
normalized: never
normalized: say
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: false
normalized: heart
normalized: though
normalized: absence
normalized: seem
normalized: flame
normalized: qualify
normalized: easy
normalized: might
normalized: from
normalized: self
normalized: depart
normalized: from
normalized: soul
normalized: which
normalized: thy
normalized: breast
normalized: doth
normalized: lie
normalized: that
normalized: home
normalized: love
normalized: have
normalized: rang
normalized: like
normalized: him
normalized: that
normalized: travels
normalized: return
normalized: again
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: not
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: exchang
normalized: that
normalized: myself
normalized: bring
normalized: water
normalized: for
normalized: stain
normalized: never
normalized: believe
normalized: though
normalized: nature
normalized: reign
normalized: all
normalized: frailties
normalized: that
normalized: besiege
normalized: all
normalized: kinds
normalized: blood
normalized: that
normalized: could
normalized: preposterously
normalized: stain
normalized: leave
normalized: for
normalized: nothing
normalized: all
normalized: thy
normalized: sum
normalized: good
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: nothing
normalized: this
normalized: wide
normalized: universe
normalized: call
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: save
normalized: thou
normalized: rose
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: all
normalized: alas
normalized: tis
normalized: true
normalized: have
normalized: gone
normalized: here
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: and
normalized: made
normalized: self
normalized: motley
normalized: the
normalized: view
normalized: gor
normalized: mine
normalized: own
normalized: thoughts
normalized: sold
normalized: cheap
normalized: what
normalized: most
normalized: dear
normalized: made
normalized: old
normalized: offences
normalized: affections
normalized: new
normalized: most
normalized: true
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: look
normalized: truth
normalized: askance
normalized: and
normalized: strangely
normalized: but
normalized: all
normalized: above
normalized: these
normalized: blenches
normalized: gave
normalized: heart
normalized: another
normalized: youth
normalized: and
normalized: worse
normalized: essays
normalized: prov
normalized: thee
normalized: best
normalized: love
normalized: now
normalized: all
normalized: done
normalized: save
normalized: what
normalized: shall
normalized: have
normalized: end
normalized: mine
normalized: appetite
normalized: never
normalized: more
normalized: will
normalized: grind
normalized: newer
normalized: proof
normalized: try
normalized: older
normalized: friend
normalized: god
normalized: love
normalized: whom
normalized: confin
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: give
normalized: welcome
normalized: next
normalized: heaven
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: even
normalized: thy
normalized: pure
normalized: and
normalized: most
normalized: most
normalized: loving
normalized: breast
normalized: cxi
normalized: for
normalized: sake
normalized: you
normalized: with
normalized: fortune
normalized: chide
normalized: the
normalized: guilty
normalized: goddess
normalized: harmful
normalized: deeds
normalized: that
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: better
normalized: for
normalized: life
normalized: provide
normalized: than
normalized: public
normalized: means
normalized: which
normalized: public
normalized: manners
normalized: breeds
normalized: thence
normalized: comes
normalized: that
normalized: name
normalized: receives
normalized: brand
normalized: and
normalized: almost
normalized: thence
normalized: nature
normalized: subdu
normalized: what
normalized: works
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: dyer
normalized: hand
normalized: pity
normalized: then
normalized: and
normalized: wish
normalized: were
normalized: renew
normalized: whilst
normalized: like
normalized: willing
normalized: patient
normalized: will
normalized: drink
normalized: potions
normalized: eisel
normalized: gainst
normalized: strong
normalized: infection
normalized: bitterness
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: bitter
normalized: think
normalized: nor
normalized: double
normalized: penance
normalized: correct
normalized: correction
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: pity
normalized: then
normalized: dear
normalized: friend
normalized: and
normalized: assure
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: even
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: pity
normalized: enough
normalized: cure
normalized: cxii
normalized: your
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: pity
normalized: doth
normalized: the
normalized: impression
normalized: fill
normalized: which
normalized: vulgar
normalized: scandal
normalized: stamp
normalized: upon
normalized: brow
normalized: for
normalized: what
normalized: care
normalized: who
normalized: calls
normalized: well
normalized: ill
normalized: you
normalized: green
normalized: bad
normalized: good
normalized: allow
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: and
normalized: must
normalized: strive
normalized: know
normalized: shames
normalized: and
normalized: praises
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: tongue
normalized: none
normalized: else
normalized: nor
normalized: none
normalized: alive
normalized: that
normalized: steel
normalized: sense
normalized: changes
normalized: right
normalized: wrong
normalized: profound
normalized: abysm
normalized: throw
normalized: all
normalized: care
normalized: others
normalized: voices
normalized: that
normalized: adder
normalized: sense
normalized: critic
normalized: and
normalized: flatterer
normalized: stopped
normalized: are
normalized: mark
normalized: how
normalized: with
normalized: neglect
normalized: dispense
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: strongly
normalized: purpose
normalized: bred
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: besides
normalized: methinks
normalized: are
normalized: dead
normalized: cxiii
normalized: since
normalized: left
normalized: you
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: mind
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: governs
normalized: about
normalized: doth
normalized: part
normalized: his
normalized: function
normalized: and
normalized: partly
normalized: blind
normalized: seems
normalized: seeing
normalized: but
normalized: effectually
normalized: out
normalized: for
normalized: form
normalized: delivers
normalized: the
normalized: heart
normalized: bird
normalized: flower
normalized: shape
normalized: which
normalized: doth
normalized: latch
normalized: his
normalized: quick
normalized: objects
normalized: hath
normalized: the
normalized: mind
normalized: part
normalized: nor
normalized: his
normalized: own
normalized: vision
normalized: holds
normalized: what
normalized: doth
normalized: catch
normalized: for
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: rud
normalized: gentlest
normalized: sight
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: sweet
normalized: favour
normalized: deformed
normalized: creature
normalized: the
normalized: mountain
normalized: the
normalized: sea
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: night
normalized: the
normalized: crow
normalized: dove
normalized: shapes
normalized: them
normalized: your
normalized: feature
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: incapable
normalized: more
normalized: replete
normalized: with
normalized: you
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: most
normalized: true
normalized: mind
normalized: thus
normalized: maketh
normalized: mine
normalized: untrue
normalized: cxiv
normalized: whether
normalized: doth
normalized: mind
normalized: being
normalized: crown
normalized: with
normalized: you
normalized: drink
normalized: the
normalized: monarch
normalized: plague
normalized: this
normalized: flattery
normalized: whether
normalized: shall
normalized: say
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: saith
normalized: true
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: love
normalized: taught
normalized: this
normalized: alchemy
normalized: make
normalized: monsters
normalized: and
normalized: things
normalized: indigest
normalized: such
normalized: cherubins
normalized: your
normalized: sweet
normalized: self
normalized: resemble
normalized: creating
normalized: every
normalized: bad
normalized: perfect
normalized: best
normalized: fast
normalized: objects
normalized: his
normalized: beams
normalized: assemble
normalized: tis
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: tis
normalized: flattery
normalized: seeing
normalized: and
normalized: great
normalized: mind
normalized: most
normalized: kingly
normalized: drinks
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: well
normalized: knows
normalized: what
normalized: with
normalized: his
normalized: gust
normalized: greeing
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: palate
normalized: doth
normalized: prepare
normalized: the
normalized: cup
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: poison
normalized: tis
normalized: the
normalized: lesser
normalized: sin
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: mine
normalized: eye
normalized: loves
normalized: and
normalized: doth
normalized: first
normalized: begin
normalized: cxv
normalized: those
normalized: lines
normalized: that
normalized: before
normalized: have
normalized: writ
normalized: lie
normalized: even
normalized: those
normalized: that
normalized: said
normalized: could
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: you
normalized: dearer
normalized: yet
normalized: then
normalized: judgment
normalized: knew
normalized: reason
normalized: why
normalized: most
normalized: full
normalized: flame
normalized: should
normalized: afterwards
normalized: burn
normalized: clearer
normalized: but
normalized: reckoning
normalized: time
normalized: whose
normalized: million
normalized: accidents
normalized: creep
normalized: twixt
normalized: vows
normalized: and
normalized: change
normalized: decrees
normalized: kings
normalized: tan
normalized: sacred
normalized: beauty
normalized: blunt
normalized: the
normalized: sharp
normalized: intents
normalized: divert
normalized: strong
normalized: minds
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: altering
normalized: things
normalized: alas
normalized: why
normalized: fearing
normalized: time
normalized: tyranny
normalized: might
normalized: not
normalized: then
normalized: say
normalized: now
normalized: love
normalized: you
normalized: best
normalized: when
normalized: was
normalized: certain
normalized: incertainty
normalized: crowning
normalized: the
normalized: present
normalized: doubting
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: love
normalized: babe
normalized: then
normalized: might
normalized: not
normalized: say
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: give
normalized: full
normalized: growth
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: still
normalized: doth
normalized: grow
normalized: cxvi
normalized: let
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: marriage
normalized: true
normalized: minds
normalized: admit
normalized: impediments
normalized: love
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: which
normalized: alters
normalized: when
normalized: alteration
normalized: finds
normalized: bends
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: remover
normalized: remove
normalized: ever
normalized: fixed
normalized: mark
normalized: that
normalized: looks
normalized: tempests
normalized: and
normalized: never
normalized: shaken
normalized: the
normalized: star
normalized: every
normalized: wandering
normalized: bark
normalized: whose
normalized: worth
normalized: unknown
normalized: although
normalized: his
normalized: height
normalized: taken
normalized: love
normalized: not
normalized: time
normalized: fool
normalized: though
normalized: rosy
normalized: lips
normalized: and
normalized: cheeks
normalized: within
normalized: his
normalized: bending
normalized: sickle
normalized: compass
normalized: come
normalized: love
normalized: alters
normalized: not
normalized: with
normalized: his
normalized: brief
normalized: hours
normalized: and
normalized: weeks
normalized: but
normalized: bears
normalized: out
normalized: even
normalized: the
normalized: edge
normalized: doom
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: upon
normalized: prov
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: never
normalized: writ
normalized: nor
normalized: man
normalized: ever
normalized: lov
normalized: cxvii
normalized: accuse
normalized: thus
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: scanted
normalized: all
normalized: wherein
normalized: should
normalized: your
normalized: great
normalized: deserts
normalized: repay
normalized: forgot
normalized: upon
normalized: your
normalized: dearest
normalized: love
normalized: call
normalized: whereto
normalized: all
normalized: bonds
normalized: tie
normalized: day
normalized: day
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: frequent
normalized: been
normalized: with
normalized: unknown
normalized: minds
normalized: and
normalized: given
normalized: time
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: dear
normalized: purchas
normalized: right
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: hoisted
normalized: sail
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: winds
normalized: which
normalized: should
normalized: transport
normalized: farthest
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: sight
normalized: book
normalized: both
normalized: wilfulness
normalized: and
normalized: errors
normalized: down
normalized: and
normalized: just
normalized: proof
normalized: surmise
normalized: accumulate
normalized: bring
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: level
normalized: your
normalized: frown
normalized: but
normalized: shoot
normalized: not
normalized: your
normalized: waken
normalized: hate
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: since
normalized: appeal
normalized: says
normalized: did
normalized: strive
normalized: prove
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: the
normalized: constancy
normalized: and
normalized: virtue
normalized: your
normalized: love
normalized: cxviii
normalized: like
normalized: make
normalized: our
normalized: appetite
normalized: more
normalized: keen
normalized: with
normalized: eager
normalized: compounds
normalized: our
normalized: palate
normalized: urge
normalized: prevent
normalized: our
normalized: maladies
normalized: unseen
normalized: sicken
normalized: shun
normalized: sickness
normalized: when
normalized: purge
normalized: even
normalized: being
normalized: full
normalized: your
normalized: cloying
normalized: sweetness
normalized: bitter
normalized: sauces
normalized: did
normalized: frame
normalized: feeding
normalized: and
normalized: sick
normalized: welfare
normalized: found
normalized: kind
normalized: meetness
normalized: diseas
normalized: ere
normalized: that
normalized: there
normalized: was
normalized: true
normalized: needing
normalized: thus
normalized: policy
normalized: love
normalized: anticipate
normalized: the
normalized: ills
normalized: that
normalized: were
normalized: not
normalized: grew
normalized: faults
normalized: assur
normalized: and
normalized: brought
normalized: medicine
normalized: healthful
normalized: state
normalized: which
normalized: rank
normalized: goodness
normalized: would
normalized: ill
normalized: cur
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: thence
normalized: learn
normalized: and
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: lesson
normalized: true
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: drugs
normalized: poison
normalized: him
normalized: that
normalized: fell
normalized: sick
normalized: you
normalized: cxix
normalized: what
normalized: potions
normalized: have
normalized: drunk
normalized: siren
normalized: tears
normalized: distill
normalized: from
normalized: limbecks
normalized: foul
normalized: hell
normalized: within
normalized: applying
normalized: fears
normalized: hopes
normalized: and
normalized: hopes
normalized: fears
normalized: still
normalized: losing
normalized: when
normalized: saw
normalized: myself
normalized: win
normalized: what
normalized: wretched
normalized: errors
normalized: hath
normalized: heart
normalized: committed
normalized: whilst
normalized: hath
normalized: thought
normalized: itself
normalized: blessed
normalized: never
normalized: how
normalized: have
normalized: mine
normalized: eyes
normalized: out
normalized: their
normalized: spheres
normalized: been
normalized: fitted
normalized: the
normalized: distraction
normalized: this
normalized: madding
normalized: fever
normalized: benefit
normalized: ill
normalized: now
normalized: find
normalized: true
normalized: that
normalized: better
normalized: evil
normalized: still
normalized: made
normalized: better
normalized: and
normalized: ruin
normalized: love
normalized: when
normalized: built
normalized: anew
normalized: grows
normalized: fairer
normalized: than
normalized: first
normalized: more
normalized: strong
normalized: far
normalized: greater
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: return
normalized: rebuk
normalized: content
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: gain
normalized: ill
normalized: thrice
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: have
normalized: spent
normalized: cxx
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: were
normalized: once
normalized: unkind
normalized: befriends
normalized: now
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: sorrow
normalized: which
normalized: then
normalized: did
normalized: feel
normalized: needs
normalized: must
normalized: under
normalized: transgression
normalized: bow
normalized: unless
normalized: nerves
normalized: were
normalized: brass
normalized: hammer
normalized: steel
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: were
normalized: unkindness
normalized: shaken
normalized: yours
normalized: you
normalized: pass
normalized: hell
normalized: time
normalized: and
normalized: tyrant
normalized: have
normalized: leisure
normalized: taken
normalized: weigh
normalized: how
normalized: once
normalized: suffer
normalized: your
normalized: crime
normalized: that
normalized: our
normalized: night
normalized: woe
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: remember
normalized: deepest
normalized: sense
normalized: how
normalized: hard
normalized: true
normalized: sorrow
normalized: hits
normalized: and
normalized: soon
normalized: you
normalized: you
normalized: then
normalized: tender
normalized: the
normalized: humble
normalized: salve
normalized: which
normalized: wounded
normalized: bosoms
normalized: fits
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: trespass
normalized: now
normalized: becomes
normalized: fee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: mine
normalized: ransoms
normalized: yours
normalized: and
normalized: yours
normalized: must
normalized: ransom
normalized: cxxi
normalized: tis
normalized: better
normalized: vile
normalized: than
normalized: vile
normalized: esteem
normalized: when
normalized: not
normalized: receives
normalized: reproach
normalized: being
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: just
normalized: pleasure
normalized: lost
normalized: which
normalized: deem
normalized: not
normalized: our
normalized: feeling
normalized: but
normalized: others
normalized: seeing
normalized: for
normalized: why
normalized: should
normalized: others
normalized: false
normalized: adulterate
normalized: eyes
normalized: give
normalized: salutation
normalized: sportive
normalized: blood
normalized: frailties
normalized: why
normalized: are
normalized: frailer
normalized: spies
normalized: which
normalized: their
normalized: wills
normalized: count
normalized: bad
normalized: what
normalized: think
normalized: good
normalized: that
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: that
normalized: level
normalized: abuses
normalized: reckon
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: may
normalized: straight
normalized: though
normalized: they
normalized: themselves
normalized: bevel
normalized: their
normalized: rank
normalized: thoughts
normalized: deeds
normalized: must
normalized: not
normalized: shown
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: unless
normalized: this
normalized: general
normalized: evil
normalized: they
normalized: maintain
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: all
normalized: men
normalized: are
normalized: bad
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: badness
normalized: reign
normalized: cxxii
normalized: thy
normalized: gift
normalized: thy
normalized: tables
normalized: are
normalized: within
normalized: brain
normalized: full
normalized: character
normalized: with
normalized: lasting
normalized: memory
normalized: which
normalized: shall
normalized: above
normalized: that
normalized: idle
normalized: rank
normalized: remain
normalized: beyond
normalized: all
normalized: date
normalized: even
normalized: eternity
normalized: the
normalized: least
normalized: long
normalized: brain
normalized: and
normalized: heart
normalized: have
normalized: faculty
normalized: nature
normalized: subsist
normalized: till
normalized: each
normalized: raz
normalized: oblivion
normalized: yield
normalized: his
normalized: part
normalized: thee
normalized: thy
normalized: record
normalized: never
normalized: can
normalized: miss
normalized: that
normalized: poor
normalized: retention
normalized: could
normalized: not
normalized: much
normalized: hold
normalized: nor
normalized: need
normalized: tallies
normalized: thy
normalized: dear
normalized: love
normalized: score
normalized: therefore
normalized: give
normalized: them
normalized: from
normalized: was
normalized: bold
normalized: trust
normalized: those
normalized: tables
normalized: that
normalized: receive
normalized: thee
normalized: more
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: keep
normalized: adjunct
normalized: remember
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: were
normalized: import
normalized: forgetfulness
normalized: cxxiii
normalized: time
normalized: thou
normalized: shalt
normalized: not
normalized: boast
normalized: that
normalized: change
normalized: thy
normalized: pyramids
normalized: built
normalized: with
normalized: newer
normalized: might
normalized: are
normalized: nothing
normalized: novel
normalized: nothing
normalized: strange
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: but
normalized: dressings
normalized: former
normalized: sight
normalized: our
normalized: dates
normalized: are
normalized: brief
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: admire
normalized: what
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: foist
normalized: upon
normalized: that
normalized: old
normalized: and
normalized: rather
normalized: make
normalized: them
normalized: born
normalized: our
normalized: desire
normalized: than
normalized: think
normalized: that
normalized: before
normalized: have
normalized: heard
normalized: them
normalized: told
normalized: thy
normalized: registers
normalized: and
normalized: thee
normalized: both
normalized: defy
normalized: not
normalized: wondering
normalized: the
normalized: present
normalized: nor
normalized: the
normalized: past
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: records
normalized: and
normalized: what
normalized: see
normalized: doth
normalized: lie
normalized: made
normalized: more
normalized: less
normalized: thy
normalized: continual
normalized: haste
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: vow
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: shall
normalized: ever
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: will
normalized: true
normalized: despite
normalized: thy
normalized: scythe
normalized: and
normalized: thee
normalized: cxxiv
normalized: dear
normalized: love
normalized: were
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: child
normalized: state
normalized: might
normalized: for
normalized: fortune
normalized: bastard
normalized: unfather
normalized: subject
normalized: time
normalized: love
normalized: time
normalized: hate
normalized: weeds
normalized: among
normalized: weeds
normalized: flowers
normalized: with
normalized: flowers
normalized: gather
normalized: was
normalized: builded
normalized: far
normalized: from
normalized: accident
normalized: suffers
normalized: not
normalized: smiling
normalized: pomp
normalized: nor
normalized: falls
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: blow
normalized: thralled
normalized: discontent
normalized: whereto
normalized: inviting
normalized: time
normalized: our
normalized: fashion
normalized: calls
normalized: fears
normalized: not
normalized: policy
normalized: that
normalized: heretic
normalized: which
normalized: works
normalized: leases
normalized: short
normalized: number
normalized: hours
normalized: but
normalized: all
normalized: alone
normalized: stands
normalized: hugely
normalized: politic
normalized: that
normalized: nor
normalized: grows
normalized: with
normalized: heat
normalized: nor
normalized: drowns
normalized: with
normalized: showers
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: this
normalized: witness
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: fools
normalized: time
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: which
normalized: die
normalized: for
normalized: goodness
normalized: who
normalized: have
normalized: lived
normalized: for
normalized: crime
normalized: cxxv
normalized: were
normalized: aught
normalized: bore
normalized: the
normalized: canopy
normalized: with
normalized: extern
normalized: the
normalized: outward
normalized: honouring
normalized: laid
normalized: great
normalized: bases
normalized: for
normalized: eternity
normalized: which
normalized: proves
normalized: more
normalized: short
normalized: than
normalized: waste
normalized: ruining
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: seen
normalized: dwellers
normalized: form
normalized: and
normalized: favour
normalized: lose
normalized: all
normalized: and
normalized: more
normalized: paying
normalized: too
normalized: much
normalized: rent
normalized: for
normalized: compound
normalized: sweet
normalized: forgoing
normalized: simple
normalized: savour
normalized: pitiful
normalized: thrivers
normalized: their
normalized: gazing
normalized: spent
normalized: let
normalized: obsequious
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: and
normalized: take
normalized: thou
normalized: oblation
normalized: poor
normalized: but
normalized: free
normalized: which
normalized: not
normalized: mix
normalized: with
normalized: seconds
normalized: knows
normalized: art
normalized: but
normalized: mutual
normalized: render
normalized: only
normalized: for
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: hence
normalized: thou
normalized: suborned
normalized: informer
normalized: true
normalized: soul
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: when
normalized: most
normalized: impeach
normalized: stands
normalized: least
normalized: thy
normalized: control
normalized: cxxvi
normalized: thou
normalized: lovely
normalized: boy
normalized: who
normalized: thy
normalized: power
normalized: dost
normalized: hold
normalized: time
normalized: fickle
normalized: glass
normalized: his
normalized: fickle
normalized: hour
normalized: who
normalized: hast
normalized: waning
normalized: grown
normalized: and
normalized: therein
normalized: show
normalized: thy
normalized: lovers
normalized: withering
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: self
normalized: grow
normalized: nature
normalized: sovereign
normalized: mistress
normalized: over
normalized: wrack
normalized: thou
normalized: goest
normalized: onwards
normalized: still
normalized: will
normalized: pluck
normalized: thee
normalized: back
normalized: she
normalized: keeps
normalized: thee
normalized: this
normalized: purpose
normalized: that
normalized: her
normalized: skill
normalized: may
normalized: time
normalized: disgrace
normalized: and
normalized: wretched
normalized: minutes
normalized: kill
normalized: yet
normalized: fear
normalized: her
normalized: thou
normalized: minion
normalized: her
normalized: pleasure
normalized: she
normalized: may
normalized: detain
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: still
normalized: keep
normalized: her
normalized: treasure
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: her
normalized: audit
normalized: though
normalized: delayed
normalized: answered
normalized: must
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: her
normalized: quietus
normalized: render
normalized: thee
normalized: cxxvii
normalized: the
normalized: old
normalized: age
normalized: black
normalized: was
normalized: not
normalized: counted
normalized: fair
normalized: were
normalized: bore
normalized: not
normalized: beauty
normalized: name
normalized: but
normalized: now
normalized: black
normalized: beauty
normalized: successive
normalized: heir
normalized: and
normalized: beauty
normalized: slander
normalized: with
normalized: bastard
normalized: shame
normalized: for
normalized: since
normalized: each
normalized: hand
normalized: hath
normalized: put
normalized: nature
normalized: power
normalized: fairing
normalized: the
normalized: foul
normalized: with
normalized: art
normalized: false
normalized: borrowed
normalized: face
normalized: sweet
normalized: beauty
normalized: hath
normalized: name
normalized: holy
normalized: bower
normalized: but
normalized: profan
normalized: not
normalized: lives
normalized: disgrace
normalized: therefore
normalized: mistress
normalized: eyes
normalized: are
normalized: raven
normalized: black
normalized: her
normalized: eyes
normalized: suited
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: mourners
normalized: seem
normalized: such
normalized: who
normalized: not
normalized: born
normalized: fair
normalized: beauty
normalized: lack
normalized: sland
normalized: ring
normalized: creation
normalized: with
normalized: false
normalized: esteem
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: yet
normalized: they
normalized: mourn
normalized: becoming
normalized: their
normalized: woe
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: every
normalized: tongue
normalized: says
normalized: beauty
normalized: should
normalized: look
normalized: cxxviii
normalized: how
normalized: oft
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: music
normalized: music
normalized: play
normalized: upon
normalized: that
normalized: blessed
normalized: wood
normalized: whose
normalized: motion
normalized: sounds
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: fingers
normalized: when
normalized: thou
normalized: gently
normalized: sway
normalized: the
normalized: wiry
normalized: concord
normalized: that
normalized: mine
normalized: ear
normalized: confounds
normalized: envy
normalized: those
normalized: jacks
normalized: that
normalized: nimble
normalized: leap
normalized: kiss
normalized: the
normalized: tender
normalized: inward
normalized: thy
normalized: hand
normalized: whilst
normalized: poor
normalized: lips
normalized: which
normalized: should
normalized: that
normalized: harvest
normalized: reap
normalized: the
normalized: wood
normalized: boldness
normalized: thee
normalized: blushing
normalized: stand
normalized: tickled
normalized: they
normalized: would
normalized: change
normalized: their
normalized: state
normalized: and
normalized: situation
normalized: with
normalized: those
normalized: dancing
normalized: chips
normalized: whom
normalized: thy
normalized: fingers
normalized: walk
normalized: with
normalized: gentle
normalized: gait
normalized: making
normalized: dead
normalized: wood
normalized: more
normalized: bless
normalized: than
normalized: living
normalized: lips
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: since
normalized: saucy
normalized: jacks
normalized: happy
normalized: are
normalized: this
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: give
normalized: them
normalized: thy
normalized: fingers
normalized: thy
normalized: lips
normalized: kiss
normalized: cxxix
normalized: the
normalized: expense
normalized: spirit
normalized: waste
normalized: shame
normalized: lust
normalized: action
normalized: and
normalized: till
normalized: action
normalized: lust
normalized: perjur
normalized: murderous
normalized: bloody
normalized: full
normalized: blame
normalized: savage
normalized: extreme
normalized: rude
normalized: cruel
normalized: not
normalized: trust
normalized: enjoy
normalized: sooner
normalized: but
normalized: despised
normalized: straight
normalized: past
normalized: reason
normalized: hunted
normalized: and
normalized: sooner
normalized: had
normalized: past
normalized: reason
normalized: hated
normalized: swallow
normalized: bait
normalized: purpose
normalized: laid
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: taker
normalized: mad
normalized: mad
normalized: pursuit
normalized: and
normalized: possession
normalized: had
normalized: having
normalized: and
normalized: quest
normalized: have
normalized: extreme
normalized: bliss
normalized: proof
normalized: and
normalized: prov
normalized: very
normalized: woe
normalized: before
normalized: joy
normalized: propos
normalized: behind
normalized: dream
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: all
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: well
normalized: knows
normalized: yet
normalized: none
normalized: knows
normalized: well
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: shun
normalized: the
normalized: heaven
normalized: that
normalized: leads
normalized: men
normalized: this
normalized: hell
normalized: cxxx
normalized: mistress
normalized: eyes
normalized: are
normalized: nothing
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: sun
normalized: coral
normalized: far
normalized: more
normalized: red
normalized: than
normalized: her
normalized: lips
normalized: red
normalized: snow
normalized: white
normalized: why
normalized: then
normalized: her
normalized: breasts
normalized: are
normalized: dun
normalized: hairs
normalized: wires
normalized: black
normalized: wires
normalized: grow
normalized: her
normalized: head
normalized: have
normalized: seen
normalized: roses
normalized: damask
normalized: red
normalized: and
normalized: white
normalized: but
normalized: such
normalized: roses
normalized: see
normalized: her
normalized: cheeks
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: perfumes
normalized: there
normalized: more
normalized: delight
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: breath
normalized: that
normalized: from
normalized: mistress
normalized: reeks
normalized: love
normalized: hear
normalized: her
normalized: speak
normalized: yet
normalized: well
normalized: know
normalized: that
normalized: music
normalized: hath
normalized: far
normalized: more
normalized: pleasing
normalized: sound
normalized: grant
normalized: never
normalized: saw
normalized: goddess
normalized: mistress
normalized: when
normalized: she
normalized: walks
normalized: treads
normalized: the
normalized: ground
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: heaven
normalized: think
normalized: love
normalized: rare
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: any
normalized: she
normalized: belied
normalized: with
normalized: false
normalized: compare
normalized: cxxxi
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: tyrannous
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: those
normalized: whose
normalized: beauties
normalized: proudly
normalized: make
normalized: them
normalized: cruel
normalized: for
normalized: well
normalized: thou
normalized: know
normalized: dear
normalized: doting
normalized: heart
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: the
normalized: fairest
normalized: and
normalized: most
normalized: precious
normalized: jewel
normalized: yet
normalized: good
normalized: faith
normalized: some
normalized: say
normalized: that
normalized: thee
normalized: behold
normalized: thy
normalized: face
normalized: hath
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: power
normalized: make
normalized: love
normalized: groan
normalized: say
normalized: they
normalized: err
normalized: dare
normalized: not
normalized: bold
normalized: although
normalized: swear
normalized: myself
normalized: alone
normalized: and
normalized: sure
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: false
normalized: swear
normalized: thousand
normalized: groans
normalized: but
normalized: thinking
normalized: thy
normalized: face
normalized: one
normalized: another
normalized: neck
normalized: witness
normalized: bear
normalized: thy
normalized: black
normalized: fairest
normalized: judgment
normalized: place
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nothing
normalized: art
normalized: thou
normalized: black
normalized: save
normalized: thy
normalized: deeds
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: thence
normalized: this
normalized: slander
normalized: think
normalized: proceeds
normalized: cxxxii
normalized: thine
normalized: eyes
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: pitying
normalized: knowing
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: torment
normalized: with
normalized: disdain
normalized: have
normalized: put
normalized: black
normalized: and
normalized: loving
normalized: mourners
normalized: looking
normalized: with
normalized: pretty
normalized: ruth
normalized: upon
normalized: pain
normalized: and
normalized: truly
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: morning
normalized: sun
normalized: heaven
normalized: better
normalized: becomes
normalized: the
normalized: grey
normalized: cheeks
normalized: the
normalized: east
normalized: nor
normalized: that
normalized: full
normalized: star
normalized: that
normalized: ushers
normalized: the
normalized: even
normalized: doth
normalized: half
normalized: that
normalized: glory
normalized: the
normalized: sober
normalized: west
normalized: those
normalized: two
normalized: mourning
normalized: eyes
normalized: become
normalized: thy
normalized: face
normalized: let
normalized: then
normalized: well
normalized: beseem
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: mourn
normalized: for
normalized: since
normalized: mourning
normalized: doth
normalized: thee
normalized: grace
normalized: and
normalized: suit
normalized: thy
normalized: pity
normalized: like
normalized: every
normalized: part
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: then
normalized: will
normalized: swear
normalized: beauty
normalized: herself
normalized: black
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: they
normalized: foul
normalized: that
normalized: thy
normalized: complexion
normalized: lack
normalized: cxxxiii
normalized: beshrew
normalized: that
normalized: heart
normalized: that
normalized: makes
normalized: heart
normalized: groan
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: deep
normalized: wound
normalized: gives
normalized: friend
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: enough
normalized: torture
normalized: alone
normalized: but
normalized: slave
normalized: slavery
normalized: sweet
normalized: friend
normalized: must
normalized: from
normalized: myself
normalized: thy
normalized: cruel
normalized: eye
normalized: hath
normalized: taken
normalized: and
normalized: next
normalized: self
normalized: thou
normalized: harder
normalized: hast
normalized: engross
normalized: him
normalized: myself
normalized: and
normalized: thee
normalized: forsaken
normalized: torment
normalized: thrice
normalized: three
normalized: fold
normalized: thus
normalized: cross
normalized: prison
normalized: heart
normalized: thy
normalized: steel
normalized: bosom
normalized: ward
normalized: but
normalized: then
normalized: friend
normalized: heart
normalized: let
normalized: poor
normalized: heart
normalized: bail
normalized: whoe
normalized: keeps
normalized: let
normalized: heart
normalized: his
normalized: guard
normalized: thou
normalized: canst
normalized: not
normalized: then
normalized: use
normalized: rigour
normalized: jail
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: for
normalized: being
normalized: pent
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: perforce
normalized: thine
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: that
normalized: cxxxiv
normalized: now
normalized: have
normalized: confess
normalized: that
normalized: thine
normalized: and
normalized: self
normalized: mortgag
normalized: thy
normalized: will
normalized: myself
normalized: forfeit
normalized: that
normalized: other
normalized: mine
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: restore
normalized: comfort
normalized: still
normalized: but
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: not
normalized: nor
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: free
normalized: for
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: covetous
normalized: and
normalized: kind
normalized: learn
normalized: but
normalized: surety
normalized: like
normalized: write
normalized: for
normalized: under
normalized: that
normalized: bond
normalized: that
normalized: him
normalized: fast
normalized: doth
normalized: bind
normalized: the
normalized: statute
normalized: thy
normalized: beauty
normalized: thou
normalized: wilt
normalized: take
normalized: thou
normalized: usurer
normalized: that
normalized: putt
normalized: forth
normalized: all
normalized: use
normalized: and
normalized: sue
normalized: friend
normalized: came
normalized: debtor
normalized: for
normalized: sake
normalized: him
normalized: lose
normalized: through
normalized: unkind
normalized: abuse
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: him
normalized: have
normalized: lost
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: both
normalized: him
normalized: and
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: pays
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: not
normalized: free
normalized: cxxxv
normalized: whoever
normalized: hath
normalized: her
normalized: wish
normalized: thou
normalized: hast
normalized: thy
normalized: will
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: boot
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: over
normalized: plus
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: enough
normalized: that
normalized: vex
normalized: thee
normalized: still
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: will
normalized: making
normalized: addition
normalized: thus
normalized: wilt
normalized: thou
normalized: whose
normalized: will
normalized: large
normalized: and
normalized: spacious
normalized: not
normalized: once
normalized: vouchsafe
normalized: hide
normalized: will
normalized: thine
normalized: shall
normalized: will
normalized: others
normalized: seem
normalized: right
normalized: gracious
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: fair
normalized: acceptance
normalized: shine
normalized: the
normalized: sea
normalized: all
normalized: water
normalized: yet
normalized: receives
normalized: rain
normalized: still
normalized: and
normalized: abundance
normalized: addeth
normalized: his
normalized: store
normalized: thou
normalized: being
normalized: rich
normalized: will
normalized: add
normalized: thy
normalized: will
normalized: one
normalized: will
normalized: mine
normalized: make
normalized: thy
normalized: large
normalized: will
normalized: more
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: let
normalized: unkind
normalized: fair
normalized: beseechers
normalized: kill
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: think
normalized: all
normalized: but
normalized: one
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: one
normalized: will
normalized: cxxxvi
normalized: thy
normalized: soul
normalized: check
normalized: thee
normalized: that
normalized: come
normalized: near
normalized: swear
normalized: thy
normalized: blind
normalized: soul
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: thy
normalized: will
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: thy
normalized: soul
normalized: knows
normalized: admitted
normalized: there
normalized: thus
normalized: far
normalized: for
normalized: love
normalized: love
normalized: suit
normalized: sweet
normalized: fulfil
normalized: will
normalized: will
normalized: fulfil
normalized: the
normalized: treasure
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: fill
normalized: full
normalized: with
normalized: wills
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: one
normalized: things
normalized: great
normalized: receipt
normalized: with
normalized: ease
normalized: prove
normalized: among
normalized: number
normalized: one
normalized: reckon
normalized: none
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: let
normalized: pass
normalized: untold
normalized: though
normalized: thy
normalized: store
normalized: account
normalized: one
normalized: must
normalized: for
normalized: nothing
normalized: hold
normalized: please
normalized: thee
normalized: hold
normalized: that
normalized: nothing
normalized: something
normalized: sweet
normalized: thee
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: make
normalized: but
normalized: name
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: and
normalized: love
normalized: that
normalized: still
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: thou
normalized: lov
normalized: for
normalized: name
normalized: will
normalized: cxxxvii
normalized: thou
normalized: blind
normalized: fool
normalized: love
normalized: what
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: mine
normalized: eyes
normalized: that
normalized: they
normalized: behold
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: not
normalized: what
normalized: they
normalized: see
normalized: they
normalized: know
normalized: what
normalized: beauty
normalized: see
normalized: where
normalized: lies
normalized: yet
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: take
normalized: the
normalized: worst
normalized: eyes
normalized: corrupt
normalized: over
normalized: partial
normalized: looks
normalized: anchor
normalized: the
normalized: bay
normalized: where
normalized: all
normalized: men
normalized: ride
normalized: why
normalized: eyes
normalized: falsehood
normalized: hast
normalized: thou
normalized: forged
normalized: hooks
normalized: whereto
normalized: the
normalized: judgment
normalized: heart
normalized: tied
normalized: why
normalized: should
normalized: heart
normalized: think
normalized: that
normalized: several
normalized: plot
normalized: which
normalized: heart
normalized: knows
normalized: the
normalized: wide
normalized: world
normalized: common
normalized: place
normalized: mine
normalized: eyes
normalized: seeing
normalized: this
normalized: say
normalized: this
normalized: not
normalized: put
normalized: fair
normalized: truth
normalized: upon
normalized: foul
normalized: face
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: things
normalized: right
normalized: true
normalized: heart
normalized: and
normalized: eyes
normalized: have
normalized: err
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: false
normalized: plague
normalized: are
normalized: they
normalized: now
normalized: transferr
normalized: cxxxviii
normalized: when
normalized: love
normalized: swears
normalized: that
normalized: she
normalized: made
normalized: truth
normalized: believe
normalized: her
normalized: though
normalized: know
normalized: she
normalized: lies
normalized: that
normalized: she
normalized: might
normalized: think
normalized: some
normalized: untutor
normalized: youth
normalized: unlearned
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: false
normalized: subtleties
normalized: thus
normalized: vainly
normalized: thinking
normalized: that
normalized: she
normalized: thinks
normalized: young
normalized: although
normalized: she
normalized: knows
normalized: days
normalized: are
normalized: past
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: simply
normalized: credit
normalized: her
normalized: false
normalized: speaking
normalized: tongue
normalized: both
normalized: sides
normalized: thus
normalized: simple
normalized: truth
normalized: suppressed
normalized: but
normalized: wherefore
normalized: says
normalized: she
normalized: not
normalized: she
normalized: unjust
normalized: and
normalized: wherefore
normalized: say
normalized: not
normalized: that
normalized: old
normalized: love
normalized: best
normalized: habit
normalized: seeming
normalized: trust
normalized: and
normalized: age
normalized: love
normalized: loves
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: years
normalized: told
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: therefore
normalized: lie
normalized: with
normalized: her
normalized: and
normalized: she
normalized: with
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: our
normalized: faults
normalized: lies
normalized: flatter
normalized: cxxxix
normalized: call
normalized: not
normalized: justify
normalized: the
normalized: wrong
normalized: that
normalized: thy
normalized: unkindness
normalized: lays
normalized: upon
normalized: heart
normalized: wound
normalized: not
normalized: with
normalized: thine
normalized: eye
normalized: but
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: tongue
normalized: use
normalized: power
normalized: with
normalized: power
normalized: and
normalized: slay
normalized: not
normalized: art
normalized: tell
normalized: thou
normalized: lov
normalized: elsewhere
normalized: but
normalized: sight
normalized: dear
normalized: heart
normalized: forbear
normalized: glance
normalized: thine
normalized: eye
normalized: aside
normalized: what
normalized: need
normalized: thou
normalized: wound
normalized: with
normalized: cunning
normalized: when
normalized: thy
normalized: might
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: erpress
normalized: defence
normalized: can
normalized: bide
normalized: let
normalized: excuse
normalized: thee
normalized: love
normalized: well
normalized: knows
normalized: her
normalized: pretty
normalized: looks
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: mine
normalized: enemies
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: from
normalized: face
normalized: she
normalized: turns
normalized: foes
normalized: that
normalized: they
normalized: elsewhere
normalized: might
normalized: dart
normalized: their
normalized: injuries
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: yet
normalized: not
normalized: but
normalized: since
normalized: near
normalized: slain
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: kill
normalized: outright
normalized: with
normalized: looks
normalized: and
normalized: rid
normalized: pain
normalized: cxl
normalized: wise
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: cruel
normalized: not
normalized: press
normalized: tongue
normalized: tied
normalized: patience
normalized: with
normalized: too
normalized: much
normalized: disdain
normalized: lest
normalized: sorrow
normalized: lend
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: words
normalized: express
normalized: the
normalized: manner
normalized: pity
normalized: wanting
normalized: pain
normalized: might
normalized: teach
normalized: thee
normalized: wit
normalized: better
normalized: were
normalized: though
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: yet
normalized: love
normalized: tell
normalized: testy
normalized: sick
normalized: men
normalized: when
normalized: their
normalized: deaths
normalized: near
normalized: news
normalized: but
normalized: health
normalized: from
normalized: their
normalized: physicians
normalized: know
normalized: for
normalized: should
normalized: despair
normalized: should
normalized: grow
normalized: mad
normalized: and
normalized: madness
normalized: might
normalized: speak
normalized: ill
normalized: thee
normalized: now
normalized: this
normalized: ill
normalized: wresting
normalized: world
normalized: grown
normalized: bad
normalized: mad
normalized: slanderers
normalized: mad
normalized: ears
normalized: believed
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: nor
normalized: thou
normalized: belied
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: bear
normalized: thine
normalized: eyes
normalized: straight
normalized: though
normalized: thy
normalized: proud
normalized: heart
normalized: wide
normalized: cxli
normalized: faith
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: with
normalized: mine
normalized: eyes
normalized: for
normalized: they
normalized: thee
normalized: thousand
normalized: errors
normalized: note
normalized: but
normalized: tis
normalized: heart
normalized: that
normalized: loves
normalized: what
normalized: they
normalized: despise
normalized: who
normalized: despite
normalized: view
normalized: pleased
normalized: dote
normalized: nor
normalized: are
normalized: mine
normalized: ears
normalized: with
normalized: thy
normalized: tongue
normalized: tune
normalized: delighted
normalized: nor
normalized: tender
normalized: feeling
normalized: base
normalized: touches
normalized: prone
normalized: nor
normalized: taste
normalized: nor
normalized: smell
normalized: desire
normalized: invited
normalized: any
normalized: sensual
normalized: feast
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: alone
normalized: but
normalized: five
normalized: wits
normalized: nor
normalized: five
normalized: senses
normalized: can
normalized: dissuade
normalized: one
normalized: foolish
normalized: heart
normalized: from
normalized: serving
normalized: thee
normalized: who
normalized: leaves
normalized: unsway
normalized: the
normalized: likeness
normalized: man
normalized: thy
normalized: proud
normalized: heart
normalized: slave
normalized: and
normalized: vassal
normalized: wretch
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: only
normalized: plague
normalized: thus
normalized: far
normalized: count
normalized: gain
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: that
normalized: she
normalized: that
normalized: makes
normalized: sin
normalized: awards
normalized: pain
normalized: cxlii
normalized: love
normalized: sin
normalized: and
normalized: thy
normalized: dear
normalized: virtue
normalized: hate
normalized: hate
normalized: sin
normalized: grounded
normalized: sinful
normalized: loving
normalized: but
normalized: with
normalized: mine
normalized: compare
normalized: thou
normalized: thine
normalized: own
normalized: state
normalized: and
normalized: thou
normalized: shalt
normalized: find
normalized: merits
normalized: not
normalized: reproving
normalized: not
normalized: from
normalized: those
normalized: lips
normalized: thine
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: profan
normalized: their
normalized: scarlet
normalized: ornaments
normalized: and
normalized: seal
normalized: false
normalized: bonds
normalized: love
normalized: oft
normalized: mine
normalized: robb
normalized: others
normalized: beds
normalized: revenues
normalized: their
normalized: rents
normalized: lawful
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: thou
normalized: lov
normalized: those
normalized: whom
normalized: thine
normalized: eyes
normalized: woo
normalized: mine
normalized: importune
normalized: thee
normalized: root
normalized: pity
normalized: thy
normalized: heart
normalized: that
normalized: when
normalized: grows
normalized: thy
normalized: pity
normalized: may
normalized: deserve
normalized: pitied
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: seek
normalized: have
normalized: what
normalized: thou
normalized: dost
normalized: hide
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: self
normalized: example
normalized: mayst
normalized: thou
normalized: denied
normalized: cxliii
normalized: careful
normalized: housewife
normalized: runs
normalized: catch
normalized: one
normalized: her
normalized: feather
normalized: creatures
normalized: broke
normalized: away
normalized: sets
normalized: down
normalized: her
normalized: babe
normalized: and
normalized: makes
normalized: all
normalized: swift
normalized: dispatch
normalized: pursuit
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: she
normalized: would
normalized: have
normalized: stay
normalized: whilst
normalized: her
normalized: neglected
normalized: child
normalized: holds
normalized: her
normalized: chase
normalized: cries
normalized: catch
normalized: her
normalized: whose
normalized: busy
normalized: care
normalized: bent
normalized: follow
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: flies
normalized: before
normalized: her
normalized: face
normalized: not
normalized: prizing
normalized: her
normalized: poor
normalized: infant
normalized: discontent
normalized: runn
normalized: thou
normalized: after
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: flies
normalized: from
normalized: thee
normalized: whilst
normalized: thy
normalized: babe
normalized: chase
normalized: thee
normalized: afar
normalized: behind
normalized: but
normalized: thou
normalized: catch
normalized: thy
normalized: hope
normalized: turn
normalized: back
normalized: and
normalized: play
normalized: the
normalized: mother
normalized: part
normalized: kiss
normalized: kind
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: will
normalized: pray
normalized: that
normalized: thou
normalized: mayst
normalized: have
normalized: thy
normalized: will
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thou
normalized: turn
normalized: back
normalized: and
normalized: loud
normalized: crying
normalized: still
normalized: cxliv
normalized: two
normalized: loves
normalized: have
normalized: comfort
normalized: and
normalized: despair
normalized: which
normalized: like
normalized: two
normalized: spirits
normalized: suggest
normalized: still
normalized: the
normalized: better
normalized: angel
normalized: man
normalized: right
normalized: fair
normalized: the
normalized: worser
normalized: spirit
normalized: woman
normalized: colour
normalized: ill
normalized: win
normalized: soon
normalized: hell
normalized: female
normalized: evil
normalized: tempteth
normalized: better
normalized: angel
normalized: from
normalized: side
normalized: and
normalized: would
normalized: corrupt
normalized: saint
normalized: devil
normalized: wooing
normalized: his
normalized: purity
normalized: with
normalized: her
normalized: foul
normalized: pride
normalized: and
normalized: whether
normalized: that
normalized: angel
normalized: turn
normalized: fiend
normalized: suspect
normalized: may
normalized: yet
normalized: not
normalized: directly
normalized: tell
normalized: but
normalized: being
normalized: both
normalized: from
normalized: both
normalized: each
normalized: friend
normalized: guess
normalized: one
normalized: angel
normalized: another
normalized: hell
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: yet
normalized: this
normalized: shall
normalized: know
normalized: but
normalized: live
normalized: doubt
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: till
normalized: bad
normalized: angel
normalized: fire
normalized: good
normalized: one
normalized: out
normalized: cxlv
normalized: those
normalized: lips
normalized: that
normalized: love
normalized: own
normalized: hand
normalized: did
normalized: make
normalized: breathed
normalized: forth
normalized: the
normalized: sound
normalized: that
normalized: said
normalized: hate
normalized: that
normalized: languish
normalized: for
normalized: her
normalized: sake
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: she
normalized: saw
normalized: woeful
normalized: state
normalized: straight
normalized: her
normalized: heart
normalized: did
normalized: mercy
normalized: come
normalized: chiding
normalized: that
normalized: tongue
normalized: that
normalized: ever
normalized: sweet
normalized: was
normalized: giving
normalized: gentle
normalized: doom
normalized: and
normalized: taught
normalized: thus
normalized: anew
normalized: greet
normalized: hate
normalized: she
normalized: alter
normalized: with
normalized: end
normalized: that
normalized: followed
normalized: gentle
normalized: day
normalized: doth
normalized: follow
normalized: night
normalized: who
normalized: like
normalized: fiend
normalized: from
normalized: heaven
normalized: hell
normalized: flown
normalized: away
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: hate
normalized: from
normalized: hate
normalized: away
normalized: she
normalized: threw
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: sav
normalized: life
normalized: saying
normalized: not
normalized: you
normalized: cxlvi
normalized: poor
normalized: soul
normalized: the
normalized: centre
normalized: sinful
normalized: earth
normalized: sinful
normalized: earth
normalized: these
normalized: rebel
normalized: powers
normalized: array
normalized: why
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: pine
normalized: within
normalized: and
normalized: suffer
normalized: dearth
normalized: painting
normalized: thy
normalized: outward
normalized: walls
normalized: costly
normalized: gay
normalized: why
normalized: large
normalized: cost
normalized: having
normalized: short
normalized: lease
normalized: dost
normalized: thou
normalized: upon
normalized: thy
normalized: fading
normalized: mansion
normalized: spend
normalized: shall
normalized: worms
normalized: inheritors
normalized: this
normalized: excess
normalized: eat
normalized: thy
normalized: charge
normalized: this
normalized: thy
normalized: body
normalized: end
normalized: then
normalized: soul
normalized: live
normalized: thou
normalized: upon
normalized: thy
normalized: servant
normalized: loss
normalized: and
normalized: let
normalized: that
normalized: pine
normalized: aggravate
normalized: thy
normalized: store
normalized: buy
normalized: terms
normalized: divine
normalized: selling
normalized: hours
normalized: dross
normalized: within
normalized: fed
normalized: without
normalized: rich
normalized: more
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: shall
normalized: thou
normalized: feed
normalized: death
normalized: that
normalized: feeds
normalized: men
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: and
normalized: death
normalized: once
normalized: dead
normalized: there
normalized: more
normalized: dying
normalized: then
normalized: cxlvii
normalized: love
normalized: fever
normalized: longing
normalized: still
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: longer
normalized: nurseth
normalized: the
normalized: disease
normalized: feeding
normalized: that
normalized: which
normalized: doth
normalized: preserve
normalized: the
normalized: ill
normalized: the
normalized: uncertain
normalized: sickly
normalized: appetite
normalized: please
normalized: reason
normalized: the
normalized: physician
normalized: love
normalized: angry
normalized: that
normalized: his
normalized: prescriptions
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: kept
normalized: hath
normalized: left
normalized: and
normalized: desperate
normalized: now
normalized: approve
normalized: desire
normalized: death
normalized: which
normalized: physic
normalized: did
normalized: except
normalized: past
normalized: cure
normalized: now
normalized: reason
normalized: past
normalized: care
normalized: and
normalized: frantic
normalized: mad
normalized: with
normalized: evermore
normalized: unrest
normalized: thoughts
normalized: and
normalized: discourse
normalized: madmen
normalized: are
normalized: random
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: truth
normalized: vainly
normalized: express
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: have
normalized: sworn
normalized: thee
normalized: fair
normalized: and
normalized: thought
normalized: thee
normalized: bright
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: who
normalized: art
normalized: black
normalized: hell
normalized: dark
normalized: night
normalized: cxlviii
normalized: what
normalized: eyes
normalized: hath
normalized: love
normalized: put
normalized: head
normalized: which
normalized: have
normalized: correspondence
normalized: with
normalized: true
normalized: sight
normalized: they
normalized: have
normalized: where
normalized: judgment
normalized: fled
normalized: that
normalized: censures
normalized: falsely
normalized: what
normalized: they
normalized: see
normalized: aright
normalized: that
normalized: fair
normalized: whereon
normalized: false
normalized: eyes
normalized: dote
normalized: what
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: say
normalized: not
normalized: not
normalized: then
normalized: love
normalized: doth
normalized: well
normalized: denote
normalized: love
normalized: eye
normalized: not
normalized: true
normalized: all
normalized: men
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: love
normalized: eye
normalized: true
normalized: that
normalized: vexed
normalized: with
normalized: watching
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: tears
normalized: marvel
normalized: then
normalized: though
normalized: mistake
normalized: view
normalized: the
normalized: sun
normalized: itself
normalized: sees
normalized: not
normalized: till
normalized: heaven
normalized: clears
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: cunning
normalized: love
normalized: with
normalized: tears
normalized: thou
normalized: keep
normalized: blind
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: lest
normalized: eyes
normalized: well
normalized: seeing
normalized: thy
normalized: foul
normalized: faults
normalized: should
normalized: find
normalized: cxlix
normalized: canst
normalized: thou
normalized: cruel
normalized: say
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: not
normalized: when
normalized: against
normalized: myself
normalized: with
normalized: thee
normalized: partake
normalized: not
normalized: think
normalized: thee
normalized: when
normalized: forgot
normalized: self
normalized: all
normalized: tyrant
normalized: for
normalized: thy
normalized: sake
normalized: who
normalized: hateth
normalized: thee
normalized: that
normalized: call
normalized: friend
normalized: whom
normalized: frown
normalized: thou
normalized: that
normalized: fawn
normalized: upon
normalized: nay
normalized: thou
normalized: lour
normalized: not
normalized: spend
normalized: revenge
normalized: upon
normalized: myself
normalized: with
normalized: present
normalized: moan
normalized: what
normalized: merit
normalized: self
normalized: respect
normalized: that
normalized: proud
normalized: thy
normalized: service
normalized: despise
normalized: when
normalized: all
normalized: best
normalized: doth
normalized: worship
normalized: thy
normalized: defect
normalized: commanded
normalized: the
normalized: motion
normalized: thine
normalized: eyes
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: love
normalized: hate
normalized: for
normalized: now
normalized: know
normalized: thy
normalized: mind
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: those
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: thou
normalized: lov
normalized: and
normalized: blind
normalized: from
normalized: what
normalized: power
normalized: hast
normalized: thou
normalized: this
normalized: powerful
normalized: might
normalized: with
normalized: insufficiency
normalized: heart
normalized: sway
normalized: make
normalized: give
normalized: the
normalized: lie
normalized: true
normalized: sight
normalized: and
normalized: swear
normalized: that
normalized: brightness
normalized: doth
normalized: not
normalized: grace
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: whence
normalized: hast
normalized: thou
normalized: this
normalized: becoming
normalized: things
normalized: ill
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: very
normalized: refuse
normalized: thy
normalized: deeds
normalized: there
normalized: such
normalized: strength
normalized: and
normalized: warrantise
normalized: skill
normalized: that
normalized: mind
normalized: thy
normalized: worst
normalized: all
normalized: best
normalized: exceeds
normalized: who
normalized: taught
normalized: thee
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: love
normalized: thee
normalized: more
normalized: the
normalized: more
normalized: hear
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: just
normalized: cause
normalized: hate
normalized: though
normalized: love
normalized: what
normalized: others
normalized: abhor
normalized: with
normalized: others
normalized: thou
normalized: shouldst
normalized: not
normalized: abhor
normalized: state
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: thy
normalized: unworthiness
normalized: rais
normalized: love
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: more
normalized: worthy
normalized: belov
normalized: thee
normalized: cli
normalized: love
normalized: too
normalized: young
normalized: know
normalized: what
normalized: conscience
normalized: yet
normalized: who
normalized: knows
normalized: not
normalized: conscience
normalized: born
normalized: love
normalized: then
normalized: gentle
normalized: cheater
normalized: urge
normalized: not
normalized: amiss
normalized: lest
normalized: guilty
normalized: faults
normalized: thy
normalized: sweet
normalized: self
normalized: prove
normalized: for
normalized: thou
normalized: betraying
normalized: betray
normalized: nobler
normalized: part
normalized: gross
normalized: body
normalized: treason
normalized: soul
normalized: doth
normalized: tell
normalized: body
normalized: that
normalized: may
normalized: triumph
normalized: love
normalized: flesh
normalized: stays
normalized: farther
normalized: reason
normalized: but
normalized: rising
normalized: thy
normalized: name
normalized: doth
normalized: point
normalized: out
normalized: thee
normalized: his
normalized: triumphant
normalized: prize
normalized: proud
normalized: this
normalized: pride
normalized: contented
normalized: thy
normalized: poor
normalized: drudge
normalized: stand
normalized: thy
normalized: affairs
normalized: fall
normalized: thy
normalized: side
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: want
normalized: conscience
normalized: hold
normalized: that
normalized: call
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: her
normalized: love
normalized: for
normalized: whose
normalized: dear
normalized: love
normalized: rise
normalized: and
normalized: fall
normalized: clii
normalized: loving
normalized: thee
normalized: thou
normalized: know
normalized: forsworn
normalized: but
normalized: thou
normalized: art
normalized: twice
normalized: forsworn
normalized: love
normalized: swearing
normalized: act
normalized: thy
normalized: bed
normalized: vow
normalized: broke
normalized: and
normalized: new
normalized: faith
normalized: torn
normalized: vowing
normalized: new
normalized: hate
normalized: after
normalized: new
normalized: love
normalized: bearing
normalized: but
normalized: why
normalized: two
normalized: oaths
normalized: breach
normalized: accuse
normalized: thee
normalized: when
normalized: break
normalized: twenty
normalized: perjur
normalized: most
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: vows
normalized: are
normalized: oaths
normalized: but
normalized: misuse
normalized: thee
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: honest
normalized: faith
normalized: thee
normalized: lost
normalized: for
normalized: have
normalized: sworn
normalized: deep
normalized: oaths
normalized: thy
normalized: deep
normalized: kindness
normalized: oaths
normalized: thy
normalized: love
normalized: thy
normalized: truth
normalized: thy
normalized: constancy
normalized: and
normalized: enlighten
normalized: thee
normalized: gave
normalized: eyes
normalized: blindness
normalized: made
normalized: them
normalized: swear
normalized: against
normalized: the
normalized: thing
normalized: they
normalized: see
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: for
normalized: have
normalized: sworn
normalized: thee
normalized: fair
normalized: more
normalized: perjur
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: swear
normalized: against
normalized: the
normalized: truth
normalized: foul
normalized: lie
normalized: cliii
normalized: cupid
normalized: laid
normalized: his
normalized: brand
normalized: and
normalized: fell
normalized: asleep
normalized: maid
normalized: dian
normalized: this
normalized: advantage
normalized: found
normalized: and
normalized: his
normalized: love
normalized: kindling
normalized: fire
normalized: did
normalized: quickly
normalized: steep
normalized: cold
normalized: valley
normalized: fountain
normalized: that
normalized: ground
normalized: which
normalized: borrow
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: holy
normalized: fire
normalized: love
normalized: dateless
normalized: lively
normalized: heat
normalized: still
normalized: endure
normalized: and
normalized: grew
normalized: seeting
normalized: bath
normalized: which
normalized: yet
normalized: men
normalized: prove
normalized: against
normalized: strange
normalized: maladies
normalized: sovereign
normalized: cure
normalized: but
normalized: mistress
normalized: eye
normalized: love
normalized: brand
normalized: new
normalized: fired
normalized: the
normalized: boy
normalized: for
normalized: trial
normalized: needs
normalized: would
normalized: touch
normalized: breast
normalized: sick
normalized: withal
normalized: the
normalized: help
normalized: bath
normalized: desired
normalized: and
normalized: thither
normalized: hied
normalized: sad
normalized: distemper
normalized: guest
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: but
normalized: found
normalized: cure
normalized: the
normalized: bath
normalized: for
normalized: help
normalized: lies
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: where
normalized: cupid
normalized: got
normalized: new
normalized: fire
normalized: mistress
normalized: eyes
normalized: cliv
normalized: the
normalized: little
normalized: love
normalized: god
normalized: lying
normalized: once
normalized: asleep
normalized: laid
normalized: his
normalized: side
normalized: his
normalized: heart
normalized: inflaming
normalized: brand
normalized: whilst
normalized: many
normalized: nymphs
normalized: that
normalized: vow
normalized: chaste
normalized: life
normalized: keep
normalized: came
normalized: tripping
normalized: but
normalized: her
normalized: maiden
normalized: hand
normalized: the
normalized: fairest
normalized: votary
normalized: took
normalized: that
normalized: fire
normalized: which
normalized: many
normalized: legions
normalized: true
normalized: hearts
normalized: had
normalized: warm
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: general
normalized: hot
normalized: desire
normalized: was
normalized: sleeping
normalized: virgin
normalized: hand
normalized: disarm
normalized: this
normalized: brand
normalized: she
normalized: quenched
normalized: cool
normalized: well
normalized: which
normalized: from
normalized: love
normalized: fire
normalized: took
normalized: heat
normalized: perpetual
normalized: growing
normalized: bath
normalized: and
normalized: healthful
normalized: remedy
normalized: for
normalized: men
normalized: diseas
normalized: but
normalized: mistress
normalized: thrall
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: came
normalized: there
normalized: for
normalized: cure
normalized: and
normalized: this
normalized: that
normalized: prove
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: nbsp
normalized: love
normalized: fire
normalized: heats
normalized: water
normalized: water
normalized: cools
normalized: not
normalized: love
normalized: end
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: sonnets
normalized: william
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: end
normalized: this
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: ebook
normalized: shakespeare
normalized: sonnets
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: should
normalized: named
normalized: htm
normalized: zip
normalized: this
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: associated
normalized: files
normalized: various
normalized: formats
normalized: will
normalized: found
normalized: http
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: produced
normalized: joseph
normalized: miller
normalized: and
normalized: embry
normalized: riddle
normalized: aeronautical
normalized: university
normalized: library
normalized: html
normalized: version
normalized: haines
normalized: updated
normalized: editions
normalized: will
normalized: replace
normalized: the
normalized: previous
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: old
normalized: editions
normalized: will
normalized: renamed
normalized: creating
normalized: the
normalized: works
normalized: from
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: print
normalized: editions
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: one
normalized: owns
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: copyright
normalized: these
normalized: works
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: copy
normalized: and
normalized: distribute
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: without
normalized: permission
normalized: and
normalized: without
normalized: paying
normalized: copyright
normalized: royalties
normalized: special
normalized: rules
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: the
normalized: general
normalized: terms
normalized: use
normalized: part
normalized: this
normalized: license
normalized: apply
normalized: copying
normalized: and
normalized: distributing
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: protect
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: concept
normalized: and
normalized: trademark
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: registered
normalized: trademark
normalized: and
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: used
normalized: you
normalized: charge
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: ebooks
normalized: unless
normalized: you
normalized: receive
normalized: specific
normalized: permission
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: charge
normalized: anything
normalized: for
normalized: copies
normalized: this
normalized: ebook
normalized: complying
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: rules
normalized: very
normalized: easy
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: ebook
normalized: for
normalized: nearly
normalized: any
normalized: purpose
normalized: such
normalized: creation
normalized: derivative
normalized: works
normalized: reports
normalized: performances
normalized: and
normalized: research
normalized: they
normalized: may
normalized: modified
normalized: and
normalized: printed
normalized: and
normalized: given
normalized: away
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: practically
normalized: anything
normalized: with
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: ebooks
normalized: redistribution
normalized: subject
normalized: the
normalized: trademark
normalized: license
normalized: especially
normalized: commercial
normalized: redistribution
normalized: start
normalized: full
normalized: license
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: please
normalized: read
normalized: this
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: distribute
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: protect
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: mission
normalized: promoting
normalized: the
normalized: free
normalized: distribution
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: using
normalized: distributing
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: work
normalized: associated
normalized: any
normalized: way
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: phrase
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: you
normalized: agree
normalized: comply
normalized: with
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: available
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: online
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: license
normalized: section
normalized: general
normalized: terms
normalized: use
normalized: and
normalized: redistributing
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: reading
normalized: using
normalized: any
normalized: part
normalized: this
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: indicate
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: read
normalized: understand
normalized: agree
normalized: and
normalized: accept
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: license
normalized: and
normalized: intellectual
normalized: property
normalized: trademark
normalized: copyright
normalized: agreement
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: agree
normalized: abide
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: cease
normalized: using
normalized: and
normalized: return
normalized: destroy
normalized: all
normalized: copies
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: your
normalized: possession
normalized: you
normalized: paid
normalized: fee
normalized: for
normalized: obtaining
normalized: copy
normalized: access
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: agree
normalized: bound
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: obtain
normalized: refund
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: person
normalized: entity
normalized: whom
normalized: you
normalized: paid
normalized: the
normalized: fee
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: paragraph
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: registered
normalized: trademark
normalized: may
normalized: only
normalized: used
normalized: associated
normalized: any
normalized: way
normalized: with
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: people
normalized: who
normalized: agree
normalized: bound
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: few
normalized: things
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: with
normalized: most
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: even
normalized: without
normalized: complying
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: see
normalized: paragraph
normalized: below
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: lot
normalized: things
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: with
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: you
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: and
normalized: help
normalized: preserve
normalized: free
normalized: future
normalized: access
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: see
normalized: paragraph
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: pglaf
normalized: owns
normalized: compilation
normalized: copyright
normalized: the
normalized: collection
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: nearly
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: individual
normalized: works
normalized: the
normalized: collection
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: individual
normalized: work
normalized: the
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: located
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: not
normalized: claim
normalized: right
normalized: prevent
normalized: you
normalized: from
normalized: copying
normalized: distributing
normalized: performing
normalized: displaying
normalized: creating
normalized: derivative
normalized: works
normalized: based
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: long
normalized: all
normalized: references
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: are
normalized: removed
normalized: course
normalized: hope
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: support
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: mission
normalized: promoting
normalized: free
normalized: access
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: freely
normalized: sharing
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: works
normalized: compliance
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: for
normalized: keeping
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: name
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: comply
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: keeping
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: format
normalized: with
normalized: its
normalized: attached
normalized: full
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: share
normalized: without
normalized: charge
normalized: with
normalized: others
normalized: the
normalized: copyright
normalized: laws
normalized: the
normalized: place
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: located
normalized: also
normalized: govern
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: copyright
normalized: laws
normalized: most
normalized: countries
normalized: are
normalized: constant
normalized: state
normalized: change
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: laws
normalized: your
normalized: country
normalized: addition
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: before
normalized: downloading
normalized: copying
normalized: displaying
normalized: performing
normalized: distributing
normalized: creating
normalized: derivative
normalized: works
normalized: based
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: work
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: makes
normalized: representations
normalized: concerning
normalized: the
normalized: copyright
normalized: status
normalized: any
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: country
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: unless
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: removed
normalized: all
normalized: references
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: sentence
normalized: with
normalized: active
normalized: links
normalized: other
normalized: immediate
normalized: access
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: must
normalized: appear
normalized: prominently
normalized: whenever
normalized: any
normalized: copy
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: work
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: phrase
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: appears
normalized: with
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: phrase
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: associated
normalized: accessed
normalized: displayed
normalized: performed
normalized: viewed
normalized: copied
normalized: distributed
normalized: this
normalized: ebook
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: anyone
normalized: anywhere
normalized: cost
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: almost
normalized: restrictions
normalized: whatsoever
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: copy
normalized: give
normalized: away
normalized: use
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: included
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: ebook
normalized: online
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: individual
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: derived
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: contain
normalized: notice
normalized: indicating
normalized: that
normalized: posted
normalized: with
normalized: permission
normalized: the
normalized: copyright
normalized: holder
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: can
normalized: copied
normalized: and
normalized: distributed
normalized: anyone
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: without
normalized: paying
normalized: any
normalized: fees
normalized: charges
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: redistributing
normalized: providing
normalized: access
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: phrase
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: appearing
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: comply
normalized: either
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: paragraphs
normalized: through
normalized: obtain
normalized: permission
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: trademark
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: paragraphs
normalized: individual
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: posted
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: permission
normalized: the
normalized: copyright
normalized: holder
normalized: your
normalized: use
normalized: and
normalized: distribution
normalized: must
normalized: comply
normalized: with
normalized: both
normalized: paragraphs
normalized: through
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: additional
normalized: terms
normalized: imposed
normalized: the
normalized: copyright
normalized: holder
normalized: additional
normalized: terms
normalized: will
normalized: linked
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: works
normalized: posted
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: permission
normalized: the
normalized: copyright
normalized: holder
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: not
normalized: unlink
normalized: detach
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: terms
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: files
normalized: containing
normalized: part
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: work
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: not
normalized: copy
normalized: display
normalized: perform
normalized: distribute
normalized: redistribute
normalized: this
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: part
normalized: this
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: without
normalized: prominently
normalized: displaying
normalized: the
normalized: sentence
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: paragraph
normalized: with
normalized: active
normalized: links
normalized: immediate
normalized: access
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: terms
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: convert
normalized: and
normalized: distribute
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: any
normalized: binary
normalized: compressed
normalized: marked
normalized: nonproprietary
normalized: proprietary
normalized: form
normalized: including
normalized: any
normalized: word
normalized: processing
normalized: hypertext
normalized: form
normalized: however
normalized: you
normalized: provide
normalized: access
normalized: distribute
normalized: copies
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: work
normalized: format
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: plain
normalized: vanilla
normalized: ascii
normalized: other
normalized: format
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: official
normalized: version
normalized: posted
normalized: the
normalized: official
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: web
normalized: site
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: additional
normalized: cost
normalized: fee
normalized: expense
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: provide
normalized: copy
normalized: means
normalized: exporting
normalized: copy
normalized: means
normalized: obtaining
normalized: copy
normalized: upon
normalized: request
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: its
normalized: original
normalized: plain
normalized: vanilla
normalized: ascii
normalized: other
normalized: form
normalized: any
normalized: alternate
normalized: format
normalized: must
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: specified
normalized: paragraph
normalized: not
normalized: charge
normalized: fee
normalized: for
normalized: access
normalized: viewing
normalized: displaying
normalized: performing
normalized: copying
normalized: distributing
normalized: any
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: works
normalized: unless
normalized: you
normalized: comply
normalized: with
normalized: paragraph
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: charge
normalized: reasonable
normalized: fee
normalized: for
normalized: copies
normalized: providing
normalized: access
normalized: distributing
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: provided
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: pay
normalized: royalty
normalized: fee
normalized: the
normalized: gross
normalized: profits
normalized: you
normalized: derive
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: works
normalized: calculated
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: method
normalized: you
normalized: already
normalized: use
normalized: calculate
normalized: your
normalized: applicable
normalized: taxes
normalized: the
normalized: fee
normalized: owed
normalized: the
normalized: owner
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: trademark
normalized: but
normalized: has
normalized: agreed
normalized: donate
normalized: royalties
normalized: under
normalized: this
normalized: paragraph
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: royalty
normalized: payments
normalized: must
normalized: paid
normalized: within
normalized: days
normalized: following
normalized: each
normalized: date
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: prepare
normalized: are
normalized: legally
normalized: required
normalized: prepare
normalized: your
normalized: periodic
normalized: tax
normalized: returns
normalized: royalty
normalized: payments
normalized: should
normalized: clearly
normalized: marked
normalized: such
normalized: and
normalized: sent
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: specified
normalized: section
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: donations
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: you
normalized: provide
normalized: full
normalized: refund
normalized: any
normalized: money
normalized: paid
normalized: user
normalized: who
normalized: notifies
normalized: you
normalized: writing
normalized: mail
normalized: within
normalized: days
normalized: receipt
normalized: that
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: agree
normalized: the
normalized: terms
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: license
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: require
normalized: such
normalized: user
normalized: return
normalized: destroy
normalized: all
normalized: copies
normalized: the
normalized: works
normalized: possessed
normalized: physical
normalized: medium
normalized: and
normalized: discontinue
normalized: all
normalized: use
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: access
normalized: other
normalized: copies
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: works
normalized: you
normalized: provide
normalized: accordance
normalized: with
normalized: paragraph
normalized: full
normalized: refund
normalized: any
normalized: money
normalized: paid
normalized: for
normalized: work
normalized: replacement
normalized: copy
normalized: defect
normalized: the
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: discovered
normalized: and
normalized: reported
normalized: you
normalized: within
normalized: days
normalized: receipt
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: you
normalized: comply
normalized: with
normalized: all
normalized: other
normalized: terms
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: for
normalized: free
normalized: distribution
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: works
normalized: you
normalized: wish
normalized: charge
normalized: fee
normalized: distribute
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: group
normalized: works
normalized: different
normalized: terms
normalized: than
normalized: are
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: obtain
normalized: permission
normalized: writing
normalized: from
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: and
normalized: michael
normalized: hart
normalized: the
normalized: owner
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: trademark
normalized: contact
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: section
normalized: below
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: volunteers
normalized: and
normalized: employees
normalized: expend
normalized: considerable
normalized: effort
normalized: identify
normalized: copyright
normalized: research
normalized: transcribe
normalized: and
normalized: proofread
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: works
normalized: creating
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: collection
normalized: despite
normalized: these
normalized: efforts
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: medium
normalized: which
normalized: they
normalized: may
normalized: stored
normalized: may
normalized: contain
normalized: defects
normalized: such
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: limited
normalized: incomplete
normalized: inaccurate
normalized: corrupt
normalized: data
normalized: transcription
normalized: errors
normalized: copyright
normalized: other
normalized: intellectual
normalized: property
normalized: infringement
normalized: defective
normalized: damaged
normalized: disk
normalized: other
normalized: medium
normalized: computer
normalized: virus
normalized: computer
normalized: codes
normalized: that
normalized: damage
normalized: cannot
normalized: read
normalized: your
normalized: equipment
normalized: limited
normalized: warranty
normalized: disclaimer
normalized: damages
normalized: except
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: replacement
normalized: refund
normalized: described
normalized: paragraph
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: the
normalized: owner
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: trademark
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: party
normalized: distributing
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: under
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: disclaim
normalized: all
normalized: liability
normalized: you
normalized: for
normalized: damages
normalized: costs
normalized: and
normalized: expenses
normalized: including
normalized: legal
normalized: fees
normalized: you
normalized: agree
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: remedies
normalized: for
normalized: negligence
normalized: strict
normalized: liability
normalized: breach
normalized: warranty
normalized: breach
normalized: contract
normalized: except
normalized: those
normalized: provided
normalized: paragraph
normalized: you
normalized: agree
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: the
normalized: trademark
normalized: owner
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: distributor
normalized: under
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: liable
normalized: you
normalized: for
normalized: actual
normalized: direct
normalized: indirect
normalized: consequential
normalized: punitive
normalized: incidental
normalized: damages
normalized: even
normalized: you
normalized: give
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: possibility
normalized: such
normalized: damage
normalized: limited
normalized: right
normalized: replacement
normalized: refund
normalized: you
normalized: discover
normalized: defect
normalized: this
normalized: electronic
normalized: work
normalized: within
normalized: days
normalized: receiving
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: receive
normalized: refund
normalized: the
normalized: money
normalized: any
normalized: you
normalized: paid
normalized: for
normalized: sending
normalized: written
normalized: explanation
normalized: the
normalized: person
normalized: you
normalized: received
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: from
normalized: you
normalized: received
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: physical
normalized: medium
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: medium
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: written
normalized: explanation
normalized: the
normalized: person
normalized: entity
normalized: that
normalized: provided
normalized: you
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: defective
normalized: work
normalized: may
normalized: elect
normalized: provide
normalized: replacement
normalized: copy
normalized: lieu
normalized: refund
normalized: you
normalized: received
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: electronically
normalized: the
normalized: person
normalized: entity
normalized: providing
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: choose
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: second
normalized: opportunity
normalized: receive
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: electronically
normalized: lieu
normalized: refund
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: copy
normalized: also
normalized: defective
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: demand
normalized: refund
normalized: writing
normalized: without
normalized: further
normalized: opportunities
normalized: fix
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: except
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: limited
normalized: right
normalized: replacement
normalized: refund
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: paragraph
normalized: this
normalized: work
normalized: provided
normalized: you
normalized: with
normalized: other
normalized: warranties
normalized: any
normalized: kind
normalized: express
normalized: implied
normalized: including
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: limited
normalized: warranties
normalized: merchantability
normalized: fitness
normalized: for
normalized: any
normalized: purpose
normalized: some
normalized: states
normalized: not
normalized: allow
normalized: disclaimers
normalized: certain
normalized: implied
normalized: warranties
normalized: the
normalized: exclusion
normalized: limitation
normalized: certain
normalized: types
normalized: damages
normalized: any
normalized: disclaimer
normalized: limitation
normalized: set
normalized: forth
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: violates
normalized: the
normalized: law
normalized: the
normalized: state
normalized: applicable
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: the
normalized: agreement
normalized: shall
normalized: interpreted
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: maximum
normalized: disclaimer
normalized: limitation
normalized: permitted
normalized: the
normalized: applicable
normalized: state
normalized: law
normalized: the
normalized: invalidity
normalized: unenforceability
normalized: any
normalized: provision
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: shall
normalized: not
normalized: void
normalized: the
normalized: remaining
normalized: provisions
normalized: indemnity
normalized: you
normalized: agree
normalized: indemnify
normalized: and
normalized: hold
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: the
normalized: trademark
normalized: owner
normalized: any
normalized: agent
normalized: employee
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: anyone
normalized: providing
normalized: copies
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: accordance
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: agreement
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: volunteers
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: production
normalized: promotion
normalized: and
normalized: distribution
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: harmless
normalized: from
normalized: all
normalized: liability
normalized: costs
normalized: and
normalized: expenses
normalized: including
normalized: legal
normalized: fees
normalized: that
normalized: arise
normalized: directly
normalized: indirectly
normalized: from
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: cause
normalized: occur
normalized: distribution
normalized: this
normalized: any
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: work
normalized: alteration
normalized: modification
normalized: additions
normalized: deletions
normalized: any
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: work
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: defect
normalized: you
normalized: cause
normalized: section
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: mission
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: synonymous
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: free
normalized: distribution
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: formats
normalized: readable
normalized: the
normalized: widest
normalized: variety
normalized: computers
normalized: including
normalized: obsolete
normalized: old
normalized: middle
normalized: aged
normalized: and
normalized: new
normalized: computers
normalized: exists
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: efforts
normalized: hundreds
normalized: volunteers
normalized: and
normalized: donations
normalized: from
normalized: people
normalized: all
normalized: walks
normalized: life
normalized: volunteers
normalized: and
normalized: financial
normalized: support
normalized: provide
normalized: volunteers
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: assistance
normalized: they
normalized: need
normalized: are
normalized: critical
normalized: reaching
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: goals
normalized: and
normalized: ensuring
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: collection
normalized: will
normalized: remain
normalized: freely
normalized: available
normalized: for
normalized: generations
normalized: come
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: was
normalized: created
normalized: provide
normalized: secure
normalized: and
normalized: permanent
normalized: future
normalized: for
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: and
normalized: future
normalized: generations
normalized: learn
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: your
normalized: efforts
normalized: and
normalized: donations
normalized: can
normalized: help
normalized: see
normalized: sections
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: information
normalized: page
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: section
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: non
normalized: profit
normalized: educational
normalized: corporation
normalized: organized
normalized: under
normalized: the
normalized: laws
normalized: the
normalized: state
normalized: mississippi
normalized: and
normalized: granted
normalized: tax
normalized: exempt
normalized: status
normalized: the
normalized: internal
normalized: revenue
normalized: service
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: ein
normalized: federal
normalized: tax
normalized: identification
normalized: number
normalized: contributions
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: are
normalized: tax
normalized: deductible
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: extent
normalized: permitted
normalized: federal
normalized: laws
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: state
normalized: laws
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: principal
normalized: office
normalized: located
normalized: melan
normalized: fairbanks
normalized: but
normalized: its
normalized: volunteers
normalized: and
normalized: employees
normalized: are
normalized: scattered
normalized: throughout
normalized: numerous
normalized: locations
normalized: its
normalized: business
normalized: office
normalized: located
normalized: north
normalized: west
normalized: salt
normalized: lake
normalized: city
normalized: email
normalized: contact
normalized: links
normalized: and
normalized: date
normalized: contact
normalized: information
normalized: can
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: web
normalized: site
normalized: and
normalized: official
normalized: page
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: contact
normalized: for
normalized: additional
normalized: contact
normalized: information
normalized: gregory
normalized: newby
normalized: chief
normalized: executive
normalized: and
normalized: director
normalized: gbnewby
normalized: pglaf
normalized: org
normalized: section
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: donations
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: depends
normalized: upon
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: survive
normalized: without
normalized: wide
normalized: spread
normalized: public
normalized: support
normalized: and
normalized: donations
normalized: carry
normalized: out
normalized: its
normalized: mission
normalized: increasing
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: and
normalized: licensed
normalized: works
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: freely
normalized: distributed
normalized: machine
normalized: readable
normalized: form
normalized: accessible
normalized: the
normalized: widest
normalized: array
normalized: equipment
normalized: including
normalized: outdated
normalized: equipment
normalized: many
normalized: small
normalized: donations
normalized: are
normalized: particularly
normalized: important
normalized: maintaining
normalized: tax
normalized: exempt
normalized: status
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: irs
normalized: the
normalized: foundation
normalized: committed
normalized: complying
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: laws
normalized: regulating
normalized: charities
normalized: and
normalized: charitable
normalized: donations
normalized: all
normalized: states
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: compliance
normalized: requirements
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: uniform
normalized: and
normalized: takes
normalized: considerable
normalized: effort
normalized: much
normalized: paperwork
normalized: and
normalized: many
normalized: fees
normalized: meet
normalized: and
normalized: keep
normalized: with
normalized: these
normalized: requirements
normalized: not
normalized: solicit
normalized: donations
normalized: locations
normalized: where
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: received
normalized: written
normalized: confirmation
normalized: compliance
normalized: send
normalized: donations
normalized: determine
normalized: the
normalized: status
normalized: compliance
normalized: for
normalized: any
normalized: particular
normalized: state
normalized: visit
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: donate
normalized: while
normalized: cannot
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: solicit
normalized: contributions
normalized: from
normalized: states
normalized: where
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: met
normalized: the
normalized: solicitation
normalized: requirements
normalized: know
normalized: prohibition
normalized: against
normalized: accepting
normalized: unsolicited
normalized: donations
normalized: from
normalized: donors
normalized: such
normalized: states
normalized: who
normalized: approach
normalized: with
normalized: offers
normalized: donate
normalized: international
normalized: donations
normalized: are
normalized: gratefully
normalized: accepted
normalized: but
normalized: cannot
normalized: make
normalized: any
normalized: statements
normalized: concerning
normalized: tax
normalized: treatment
normalized: donations
normalized: received
normalized: from
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: united
normalized: states
normalized: laws
normalized: alone
normalized: swamp
normalized: our
normalized: small
normalized: staff
normalized: please
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: for
normalized: current
normalized: donation
normalized: methods
normalized: and
normalized: addresses
normalized: donations
normalized: are
normalized: accepted
normalized: number
normalized: other
normalized: ways
normalized: including
normalized: checks
normalized: online
normalized: payments
normalized: and
normalized: credit
normalized: card
normalized: donations
normalized: donate
normalized: please
normalized: visit
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: donate
normalized: section
normalized: general
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: professor
normalized: michael
normalized: hart
normalized: was
normalized: the
normalized: originator
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: concept
normalized: library
normalized: electronic
normalized: works
normalized: that
normalized: could
normalized: freely
normalized: shared
normalized: with
normalized: anyone
normalized: for
normalized: forty
normalized: years
normalized: produced
normalized: and
normalized: distributed
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: ebooks
normalized: with
normalized: only
normalized: loose
normalized: network
normalized: volunteer
normalized: support
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: ebooks
normalized: are
normalized: often
normalized: created
normalized: from
normalized: several
normalized: printed
normalized: editions
normalized: all
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: confirmed
normalized: public
normalized: domain
normalized: the
normalized: unless
normalized: copyright
normalized: notice
normalized: included
normalized: thus
normalized: not
normalized: necessarily
normalized: keep
normalized: ebooks
normalized: compliance
normalized: with
normalized: any
normalized: particular
normalized: paper
normalized: edition
normalized: most
normalized: people
normalized: start
normalized: our
normalized: web
normalized: site
normalized: which
normalized: has
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: search
normalized: facility
normalized: www
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: org
normalized: this
normalized: web
normalized: site
normalized: includes
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: including
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: donations
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: gutenberg
normalized: literary
normalized: archive
normalized: foundation
normalized: how
normalized: help
normalized: produce
normalized: our
normalized: new
normalized: ebooks
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: subscribe
normalized: our
normalized: email
normalized: newsletter
normalized: hear
normalized: about
normalized: new
normalized: ebooks
normalized: allocating
normalized: array
normalized: with
normalized: calloc
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: allocating
normalized: array
normalized: with
normalized: calloc
normalized: seen
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: one
normalized: dimensional
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: strings
normalized: names
normalized: that
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: slots
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: was
normalized: constant
normalized: what
normalized: don
normalized: know
normalized: that
normalized: number
normalized: compile
normalized: time
normalized: here
normalized: snippet
normalized: code
normalized: hint
normalized: how
normalized: allocate
normalized: array
normalized: num
normalized: slots
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: elements
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: int
normalized: num
normalized: somehow
normalized: obtained
normalized: below
normalized: assume
normalized: num
normalized: array
normalized: ints
normalized: int
normalized: array
normalized: calloc
normalized: num
normalized: sizeof
normalized: int
normalized: array
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: int
normalized: int
normalized: array
normalized: calloc
normalized: num
normalized: sizeof
normalized: int
normalized: array
normalized: malloc
normalized: sizeof
normalized: int
normalized: array
normalized: for
normalized: other
normalized: types
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: analogous
normalized: struct
normalized: foo
normalized: array
normalized: calloc
normalized: num
normalized: sizeof
normalized: struct
normalized: foo
normalized: array
normalized: malloc
normalized: sizeof
normalized: struct
normalized: foo
normalized: array
normalized: foomember
normalized: assuming
normalized: foomember
normalized: integer
normalized: member
normalized: struct
normalized: foo
normalized: sometimes
normalized: you
normalized: don
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: because
normalized: provides
normalized: constructor
normalized: function
normalized: first
normalized: step
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: struct
normalized: foo
normalized: array
normalized: calloc
normalized: num
normalized: sizeof
normalized: struct
normalized: foo
normalized: array
normalized: foo
normalized: new
normalized: let
normalized: the
normalized: constructor
normalized: allocate
normalized: and
normalized: initialize
normalized: new
normalized: foo
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: resources
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: resources
normalized: textbooks
normalized: and
normalized: resources
normalized: there
normalized: required
normalized: textbook
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: however
normalized: highly
normalized: recommend
normalized: reference
normalized: manual
normalized: harbison
normalized: and
normalized: steele
normalized: have
normalized: found
normalized: invaluable
normalized: and
normalized: always
normalized: near
normalized: desk
normalized: there
normalized: copy
normalized: reserve
normalized: baker
normalized: library
normalized: there
normalized: may
normalized: copies
normalized: available
normalized: local
normalized: bookstores
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: order
normalized: from
normalized: amazon
normalized: barnes
normalized: amp
normalized: noble
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: recent
normalized: fifth
normalized: edition
normalized: when
normalized: need
normalized: more
normalized: traditional
normalized: text
normalized: refer
normalized: the
normalized: book
normalized: second
normalized: edition
normalized: mike
normalized: banahan
normalized: declan
normalized: brady
normalized: and
normalized: mark
normalized: doran
normalized: originally
normalized: published
normalized: addison
normalized: wesley
normalized: this
normalized: book
normalized: available
normalized: online
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: have
normalized: both
normalized: been
normalized: around
normalized: for
normalized: quite
normalized: some
normalized: time
normalized: unix
normalized: was
normalized: originally
normalized: developed
normalized: the
normalized: late
normalized: assembly
normalized: language
normalized: and
normalized: was
normalized: mostly
normalized: reimplemented
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: early
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: kernighan
normalized: and
normalized: ritchie
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: still
normalized: print
normalized: and
normalized: owned
normalized: most
normalized: unix
normalized: geeks
normalized: not
normalized: because
normalized: such
normalized: great
normalized: reference
normalized: but
normalized: well
normalized: just
normalized: because
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: large
normalized: number
normalized: number
normalized: books
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: variants
normalized: including
normalized: linux
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: unix
normalized: systems
normalized: contain
normalized: lots
normalized: documentation
normalized: the
normalized: form
normalized: what
normalized: are
normalized: called
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: which
normalized: short
normalized: for
normalized: manual
normalized: pages
normalized: thus
normalized: hardcopy
normalized: book
normalized: unix
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: really
normalized: necessary
normalized: didn
normalized: own
normalized: unix
normalized: book
normalized: until
normalized: many
normalized: years
normalized: after
normalized: began
normalized: using
normalized: unix
normalized: documentation
normalized: for
normalized: many
normalized: the
normalized: tools
normalized: will
normalized: using
normalized: will
normalized: either
normalized: found
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: will
normalized: supplied
normalized: url
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: welcome
normalized: employ
normalized: your
normalized: favorite
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: but
normalized: beware
normalized: that
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: subtle
normalized: variations
normalized: unix
normalized: tools
normalized: across
normalized: its
normalized: many
normalized: flavors
normalized: and
normalized: distributions
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: department
normalized: servers
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: definitive
normalized: reference
normalized: other
normalized: resources
normalized: papers
normalized: and
normalized: references
normalized: will
normalized: appear
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: identified
normalized: you
normalized: find
normalized: others
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: like
normalized: please
normalized: let
normalized: know
normalized: and
normalized: share
normalized: them
normalized: with
normalized: everyone
normalized: general
normalized: department
normalized: user
normalized: faq
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: log
normalized: using
normalized: your
normalized: unix
normalized: username
normalized: and
normalized: password
normalized: bash
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: good
normalized: links
normalized: bash
normalized: scripting
normalized: information
normalized: short
normalized: bash
normalized: tutorial
normalized: gnu
normalized: bash
normalized: manual
normalized: bash
normalized: programming
normalized: introduction
normalized: how
normalized: advanced
normalized: bash
normalized: scripting
normalized: guide
normalized: bash
normalized: pocket
normalized: reference
normalized: help
normalized: for
normalized: power
normalized: users
normalized: and
normalized: sys
normalized: admins
normalized: edition
normalized: arnold
normalized: robbins
normalized: short
normalized: and
normalized: useful
normalized: book
normalized: for
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: ten
normalized: bucks
normalized: explainshell
normalized: very
normalized: cool
normalized: website
normalized: that
normalized: lets
normalized: you
normalized: type
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: and
normalized: get
normalized: feedback
normalized: what
normalized: supposed
normalized: drawing
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: editors
normalized: editor
normalized: software
normalized: very
normalized: personal
normalized: choice
normalized: have
normalized: used
normalized: emacs
normalized: for
normalized: many
normalized: years
normalized: extensible
normalized: via
normalized: lisp
normalized: and
normalized: customizable
normalized: others
normalized: prefer
normalized: the
normalized: increasingly
normalized: popular
normalized: sublime
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: told
normalized: fast
normalized: highly
normalized: extensible
normalized: using
normalized: python
normalized: amp
normalized: json
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: both
normalized: excellent
normalized: for
normalized: longer
normalized: sessions
normalized: others
normalized: prefer
normalized: vim
normalized: for
normalized: quick
normalized: fixes
normalized: and
normalized: slow
normalized: ssh
normalized: connections
normalized: the
normalized: editor
normalized: workable
normalized: alternative
normalized: getting
normalized: started
normalized: with
normalized: sublime
normalized: text
normalized: and
normalized: great
normalized: tutorial
normalized: emacs
normalized: tutorial
normalized: emacs
normalized: quick
normalized: reference
normalized: guide
normalized: extremely
normalized: quick
normalized: and
normalized: simple
normalized: introduction
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: vim
normalized: tutorial
normalized: markdown
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: extension
normalized: assumed
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: markdown
normalized: syntax
normalized: which
normalized: provides
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: and
normalized: readable
normalized: markup
normalized: for
normalized: headings
normalized: lists
normalized: italics
normalized: bold
normalized: hyperlinks
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: and
normalized: embedded
normalized: images
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: website
normalized: written
normalized: markdown
normalized: and
normalized: rendered
normalized: with
normalized: jekyll
normalized: many
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: web
normalized: portals
normalized: like
normalized: our
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: popular
normalized: github
normalized: allow
normalized: you
normalized: browse
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: automatically
normalized: rendering
normalized: any
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: markdown
normalized: format
normalized: making
normalized: such
normalized: files
normalized: much
normalized: nicer
normalized: look
normalized: than
normalized: plain
normalized: text
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: edit
normalized: markdown
normalized: files
normalized: any
normalized: text
normalized: editor
normalized: but
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: specialized
normalized: editors
normalized: available
normalized: markdown
normalized: easy
normalized: learn
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: useful
normalized: resources
normalized: online
normalized: quick
normalized: tutorial
normalized: gitlab
normalized: markdown
normalized: guide
normalized: after
normalized: all
normalized: uses
normalized: gitlab
normalized: github
normalized: mastering
normalized: markdown
normalized: tutorial
normalized: github
normalized: markdown
normalized: cheatsheet
normalized: brett
normalized: terpstra
normalized: write
normalized: better
normalized: markdown
normalized: which
normalized: recognizes
normalized: that
normalized: many
normalized: flavors
normalized: markdown
normalized: exist
normalized: markoff
normalized: macos
normalized: application
normalized: for
normalized: previewing
normalized: markdown
normalized: files
normalized: macdown
normalized: macos
normalized: application
normalized: for
normalized: editing
normalized: markdown
normalized: files
normalized: git
normalized: great
normalized: references
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: distributed
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: system
normalized: that
normalized: use
normalized: instructions
normalized: for
normalized: setting
normalized: gitlab
normalized: with
normalized: ssh
normalized: free
normalized: pro
normalized: git
normalized: book
normalized: scott
normalized: chacon
normalized: plus
normalized: the
normalized: website
normalized: has
normalized: lots
normalized: additional
normalized: git
normalized: references
normalized: including
normalized: videos
normalized: some
normalized: interactive
normalized: tutorials
normalized: try
normalized: github
normalized: explain
normalized: git
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: non
normalized: interactive
normalized: video
normalized: tutorials
normalized: learn
normalized: version
normalized: control
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: git
normalized: tutorial
normalized: requires
normalized: ruby
normalized: resolving
normalized: conflicts
normalized: very
normalized: slick
normalized: and
normalized: free
normalized: gui
normalized: for
normalized: git
normalized: called
normalized: sourcetree
normalized: very
normalized: popular
normalized: the
normalized: excellent
normalized: licensed
normalized: not
normalized: free
normalized: application
normalized: tower
normalized: reference
normalized: for
normalized: common
normalized: gitignore
normalized: files
normalized: tools
normalized: software
normalized: tools
normalized: may
normalized: using
normalized: valgrind
normalized: family
normalized: tools
normalized: for
normalized: dynamic
normalized: analysis
normalized: programs
normalized: quick
normalized: guide
normalized: valgrind
normalized: gnu
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: for
normalized: determining
normalized: what
normalized: needs
normalized: done
normalized: compile
normalized: link
normalized: copy
normalized: etc
normalized: build
normalized: program
normalized: other
normalized: target
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: issues
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: pandoc
normalized: universal
normalized: document
normalized: converter
normalized: gtk
normalized: popular
normalized: toolkit
normalized: for
normalized: creating
normalized: graphical
normalized: user
normalized: interfaces
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: below
normalized: learn
normalized: how
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: gtk
normalized: and
normalized: xquartz
normalized: run
normalized: window
normalized: based
normalized: graphical
normalized: applications
normalized: the
normalized: unix
normalized: servers
normalized: but
normalized: allow
normalized: them
normalized: pop
normalized: open
normalized: windows
normalized: your
normalized: mac
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: install
normalized: xquartz
normalized: installation
normalized: simple
normalized: this
normalized: link
normalized: has
normalized: instructions
normalized: for
normalized: installing
normalized: and
normalized: using
normalized: xquartz
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: compiling
normalized: gtk
normalized: applications
normalized: unix
normalized: books
normalized: unix
normalized: amp
normalized: linux
normalized: books
normalized: links
normalized: practical
normalized: guide
normalized: linux
normalized: commands
normalized: editors
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: mark
normalized: sobell
normalized: excellent
normalized: comprehensive
normalized: hands
normalized: book
normalized: linux
normalized: and
normalized: shell
normalized: programming
normalized: well
normalized: python
normalized: perl
normalized: and
normalized: mysql
normalized: beginning
normalized: linux
normalized: programming
normalized: edition
normalized: neil
normalized: matthew
normalized: richard
normalized: stones
normalized: really
normalized: good
normalized: book
normalized: covering
normalized: debugging
normalized: processes
normalized: threads
normalized: and
normalized: socket
normalized: programming
normalized: clear
normalized: and
normalized: easy
normalized: manner
normalized: the
normalized: practice
normalized: programming
normalized: brian
normalized: kernighan
normalized: rob
normalized: pike
normalized: great
normalized: classic
normalized: book
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: programming
normalized: for
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: professional
normalized: linux
normalized: programming
normalized: jon
normalized: masters
normalized: and
normalized: richard
normalized: blum
normalized: oldie
normalized: but
normalized: goodie
normalized: unix
normalized: network
normalized: programming
normalized: richard
normalized: stevens
normalized: prentice
normalized: hall
normalized: linux
normalized: nutshell
normalized: linux
normalized: system
normalized: programming
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: window
normalized: system
normalized: from
normalized: reilly
normalized: linux
normalized: devcenter
normalized: com
normalized: unix
normalized: linux
normalized: and
normalized: variants
normalized: free
normalized: website
normalized: listing
normalized: common
normalized: unix
normalized: commands
normalized: bash
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: editing
normalized: unix
normalized: for
normalized: macos
normalized: users
normalized: video
normalized: tutorial
normalized: from
normalized: version
normalized: macos
normalized: from
normalized: lynda
normalized: com
normalized: which
normalized: free
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: users
normalized: homebrew
normalized: tool
normalized: for
normalized: installing
normalized: unix
normalized: tools
normalized: macos
normalized: highly
normalized: recommended
normalized: for
normalized: programming
normalized: programming
normalized: tutorials
normalized: video
normalized: tutorials
normalized: from
normalized: lynda
normalized: com
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: free
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: users
normalized: the
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: andrew
normalized: hunt
normalized: and
normalized: david
normalized: thomas
normalized: addison
normalized: wesley
normalized: things
normalized: every
normalized: programmer
normalized: should
normalized: know
normalized: kevlin
normalized: henney
normalized: reilly
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: fourth
normalized: edition
normalized: gary
normalized: bronson
normalized: very
normalized: good
normalized: book
normalized: for
normalized: learning
normalized: the
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: entry
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: usenet
normalized: discussion
normalized: why
normalized: good
normalized: introduction
normalized: the
normalized: programming
normalized: language
normalized: charles
normalized: palmer
normalized: easy
normalized: read
normalized: with
normalized: lots
normalized: simple
normalized: examples
normalized: skip
normalized: page
normalized: start
normalized: and
normalized: remember
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: comments
normalized: are
normalized: dated
normalized: variables
normalized: all
normalized: lower
normalized: case
normalized: quick
normalized: reference
normalized: cards
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: gdb
normalized: remember
normalized: that
normalized: not
normalized: suggesting
normalized: you
normalized: buy
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: books
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: harbison
normalized: and
normalized: steele
normalized: highly
normalized: recommended
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: and
normalized: may
normalized: local
normalized: bookstores
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: standalone
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: crawls
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: and
normalized: retrieves
normalized: webpages
normalized: starting
normalized: from
normalized: seed
normalized: url
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: seed
normalized: webpage
normalized: extracts
normalized: any
normalized: embedded
normalized: urls
normalized: then
normalized: retrieves
normalized: each
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: recursively
normalized: but
normalized: limiting
normalized: its
normalized: exploration
normalized: given
normalized: depth
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: shall
normalized: execute
normalized: from
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: with
normalized: usage
normalized: syntax
normalized: crawler
normalized: seedurl
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: where
normalized: seedurl
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: initial
normalized: url
normalized: where
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: for
normalized: existing
normalized: directory
normalized: which
normalized: write
normalized: downloaded
normalized: webpages
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: non
normalized: negative
normalized: integer
normalized: representing
normalized: the
normalized: maximum
normalized: crawl
normalized: depth
normalized: crawl
normalized: all
normalized: pages
normalized: reachable
normalized: from
normalized: seedurl
normalized: following
normalized: links
normalized: maximum
normalized: depth
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: where
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: crawler
normalized: only
normalized: explores
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: seedurl
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: crawler
normalized: only
normalized: explores
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: seedurl
normalized: and
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: which
normalized: seedurl
normalized: links
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: inductively
normalized: pause
normalized: least
normalized: one
normalized: second
normalized: between
normalized: page
normalized: fetches
normalized: ignore
normalized: urls
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: internal
normalized: meaning
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: designated
normalized: server
normalized: write
normalized: each
normalized: explored
normalized: page
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: with
normalized: unique
normalized: document
normalized: wherein
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: starts
normalized: and
normalized: increments
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: new
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: form
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: depth
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: content
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: unchanged
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: shall
normalized: means
normalized: must
normalized: polite
normalized: webservers
normalized: not
normalized: like
normalized: crawlers
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: why
normalized: indeed
normalized: you
normalized: hit
normalized: web
normalized: server
normalized: too
normalized: hard
normalized: its
normalized: operator
normalized: may
normalized: block
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: based
normalized: its
normalized: internet
normalized: address
normalized: actually
normalized: they
normalized: usually
normalized: block
normalized: your
normalized: whole
normalized: domain
normalized: hyperactive
normalized: crawler
normalized: could
normalized: cause
normalized: some
normalized: websites
normalized: block
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: polite
normalized: our
normalized: crawler
normalized: purposely
normalized: slows
normalized: its
normalized: behavior
normalized: introducing
normalized: delay
normalized: sleeping
normalized: for
normalized: one
normalized: second
normalized: between
normalized: fetches
normalized: furthermore
normalized: our
normalized: crawler
normalized: will
normalized: limit
normalized: its
normalized: crawl
normalized: specific
normalized: web
normalized: server
normalized: inside
normalized: don
normalized: bother
normalized: any
normalized: other
normalized: servers
normalized: campus
normalized: beyond
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: recall
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawls
normalized: website
normalized: and
normalized: retrieves
normalized: webpages
normalized: starting
normalized: with
normalized: specified
normalized: url
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: initial
normalized: webpage
normalized: extracts
normalized: any
normalized: embedded
normalized: urls
normalized: and
normalized: retrieves
normalized: those
normalized: pages
normalized: and
normalized: crawls
normalized: the
normalized: pages
normalized: found
normalized: those
normalized: urls
normalized: but
normalized: limits
normalized: itself
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: hops
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: seed
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: urls
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: internal
normalized: the
normalized: designated
normalized: server
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: process
normalized: complete
normalized: the
normalized: indexing
normalized: the
normalized: collected
normalized: documents
normalized: can
normalized: begin
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: should
normalized: contain
normalized: several
normalized: sections
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: inputs
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: functional
normalized: decomposition
normalized: into
normalized: modules
normalized: pseudo
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: logic
normalized: algorithmic
normalized: flow
normalized: dataflow
normalized: through
normalized: modules
normalized: major
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: testing
normalized: plan
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: through
normalized: each
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: only
normalized: interface
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: must
normalized: always
normalized: have
normalized: three
normalized: arguments
normalized: crawler
normalized: seedurl
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: crawler
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: data
normalized: inputs
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: only
normalized: inputs
normalized: are
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: parameters
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: above
normalized: output
normalized: save
normalized: each
normalized: explored
normalized: webpage
normalized: file
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: per
normalized: page
normalized: use
normalized: unique
normalized: document
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: name
normalized: for
normalized: document
normalized: ids
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: within
normalized: file
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: url
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: depth
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: seed
normalized: depth
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: contents
normalized: beginning
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: line
normalized: functional
normalized: decomposition
normalized: into
normalized: modules
normalized: anticipate
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: modules
normalized: functions
normalized: main
normalized: which
normalized: parses
normalized: arguments
normalized: and
normalized: initializes
normalized: other
normalized: modules
normalized: crawler
normalized: which
normalized: loops
normalized: over
normalized: pages
normalized: explore
normalized: until
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: exhausted
normalized: pagefetcher
normalized: which
normalized: fetches
normalized: page
normalized: from
normalized: url
normalized: pagescanner
normalized: which
normalized: extracts
normalized: urls
normalized: from
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: processes
normalized: each
normalized: one
normalized: pagesaver
normalized: which
normalized: outputs
normalized: page
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: appropriate
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: helper
normalized: modules
normalized: that
normalized: provide
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: bag
normalized: pages
normalized: have
normalized: yet
normalized: explore
normalized: hashtable
normalized: urls
normalized: seen
normalized: far
normalized: pseudo
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: logic
normalized: algorithmic
normalized: flow
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: follows
normalized: execute
normalized: from
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: shown
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: parse
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: validate
normalized: parameters
normalized: initialize
normalized: other
normalized: modules
normalized: make
normalized: webpage
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: seedurl
normalized: marked
normalized: with
normalized: depth
normalized: add
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: webpages
normalized: crawl
normalized: add
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: the
normalized: hashtable
normalized: urls
normalized: seen
normalized: while
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: more
normalized: webpages
normalized: crawl
normalized: extract
normalized: webpage
normalized: url
normalized: depth
normalized: item
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: webpages
normalized: crawled
normalized: pause
normalized: for
normalized: least
normalized: one
normalized: second
normalized: use
normalized: pagefetcher
normalized: retrieve
normalized: webpage
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: use
normalized: pagesaver
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: webpage
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: with
normalized: unique
normalized: document
normalized: described
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: the
normalized: webpage
normalized: depth
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: explore
normalized: the
normalized: webpage
normalized: find
normalized: links
normalized: use
normalized: pagescanner
normalized: parse
normalized: the
normalized: webpage
normalized: extract
normalized: all
normalized: its
normalized: embedded
normalized: urls
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: extracted
normalized: url
normalized: normalize
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: not
normalized: internal
normalized: see
normalized: below
normalized: ignore
normalized: try
normalized: insert
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: hashtable
normalized: urls
normalized: seen
normalized: was
normalized: already
normalized: the
normalized: table
normalized: nothing
normalized: was
normalized: added
normalized: the
normalized: table
normalized: make
normalized: new
normalized: webpage
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: depth
normalized: add
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: webpage
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: webpages
normalized: crawled
normalized: normalize
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: means
normalized: convert
normalized: into
normalized: clean
normalized: canonical
normalized: form
normalized: internal
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: stays
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: playground
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: good
normalized: implementation
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: necessarily
normalized: encode
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: code
normalized: single
normalized: deeply
normalized: nested
normalized: function
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: break
normalized: the
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: down
normalized: into
normalized: cleanly
normalized: arranged
normalized: set
normalized: functions
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: our
normalized: pseudocode
normalized: says
normalized: nothing
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: which
normalized: crawls
normalized: webpages
normalized: since
normalized: presumably
normalized: pulls
normalized: them
normalized: out
normalized: bag
normalized: and
normalized: bag
normalized: abstract
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: explicitly
normalized: denies
normalized: any
normalized: promise
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: items
normalized: removed
normalized: from
normalized: bag
normalized: can
normalized: expect
normalized: any
normalized: particular
normalized: crawl
normalized: order
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: may
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: breadth
normalized: first
normalized: search
normalized: but
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: don
normalized: care
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: long
normalized: explore
normalized: everything
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: neighborhood
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: completes
normalized: and
normalized: exits
normalized: when
normalized: has
normalized: nothing
normalized: left
normalized: its
normalized: bag
normalized: more
normalized: pages
normalized: crawled
normalized: the
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: parameter
normalized: indirectly
normalized: determines
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: pages
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: will
normalized: retrieve
normalized: dataflow
normalized: through
normalized: modules
normalized: main
normalized: parses
normalized: parameters
normalized: and
normalized: passes
normalized: them
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawler
normalized: uses
normalized: bag
normalized: track
normalized: pages
normalized: explore
normalized: and
normalized: hashtable
normalized: track
normalized: pages
normalized: seen
normalized: when
normalized: explores
normalized: page
normalized: gives
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: url
normalized: the
normalized: pagefetcher
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: pagesaver
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: pagescanner
normalized: pagefetcher
normalized: fetches
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: page
normalized: from
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: returns
normalized: pagesaver
normalized: outputs
normalized: page
normalized: the
normalized: appropriate
normalized: file
normalized: pagescanner
normalized: extracts
normalized: urls
normalized: from
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: returns
normalized: one
normalized: time
normalized: major
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: three
normalized: helper
normalized: modules
normalized: provide
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: bag
normalized: page
normalized: url
normalized: depth
normalized: structures
normalized: set
normalized: urls
normalized: indirectly
normalized: used
normalized: hashtable
normalized: hashtable
normalized: urls
normalized: testing
normalized: plan
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: small
normalized: test
normalized: program
normalized: test
normalized: each
normalized: module
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: does
normalized: what
normalized: supposed
normalized: integration
normalized: testing
normalized: assemble
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: whole
normalized: each
normalized: case
normalized: examine
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: files
normalized: carefully
normalized: sure
normalized: they
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: page
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: depth
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: pages
normalized: are
normalized: missing
normalized: duplicated
normalized: print
normalized: progress
normalized: indicators
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: proceeds
normalized: print
normalized: each
normalized: url
normalized: explored
normalized: and
normalized: each
normalized: url
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: pages
normalized: explores
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: watch
normalized: its
normalized: progress
normalized: runs
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: various
normalized: forms
normalized: incorrect
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: parsing
normalized: and
normalized: validation
normalized: those
normalized: parameters
normalized: works
normalized: correctly
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: with
normalized: seedurl
normalized: that
normalized: points
normalized: non
normalized: existent
normalized: server
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: with
normalized: seedurl
normalized: that
normalized: points
normalized: non
normalized: internal
normalized: server
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: with
normalized: seedurl
normalized: that
normalized: points
normalized: valid
normalized: server
normalized: but
normalized: non
normalized: existent
normalized: page
normalized: crawl
normalized: simple
normalized: closed
normalized: set
normalized: cross
normalized: linked
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: crawl
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: some
normalized: page
normalized: are
normalized: mentioned
normalized: multiple
normalized: times
normalized: within
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: multiple
normalized: times
normalized: across
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: pages
normalized: ensure
normalized: there
normalized: loop
normalized: cycle
normalized: the
normalized: graph
normalized: pages
normalized: such
normalized: little
normalized: site
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: exactly
normalized: what
normalized: set
normalized: pages
normalized: should
normalized: crawled
normalized: what
normalized: depths
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: where
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: might
normalized: trip
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: page
normalized: that
normalized: site
normalized: and
normalized: explore
normalized: depths
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: created
normalized: match
normalized: expectations
normalized: repeat
normalized: with
normalized: different
normalized: seed
normalized: page
normalized: that
normalized: same
normalized: site
normalized: the
normalized: site
normalized: indeed
normalized: graph
normalized: with
normalized: cycles
normalized: there
normalized: should
normalized: several
normalized: interesting
normalized: starting
normalized: points
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: our
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: playground
normalized: explore
normalized: depths
normalized: takes
normalized: long
normalized: time
normalized: run
normalized: depth
normalized: higher
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: created
normalized: match
normalized: expectations
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: confident
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: crawler
normalized: runs
normalized: well
normalized: test
normalized: part
normalized: our
normalized: playground
normalized: with
normalized: greater
normalized: depth
normalized: but
normalized: ready
normalized: kill
normalized: seems
normalized: running
normalized: amok
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: standalone
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: builds
normalized: index
normalized: and
normalized: writes
normalized: that
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: its
normalized: companion
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: tester
normalized: loads
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: saves
normalized: another
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: shall
normalized: execute
normalized: from
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: with
normalized: usage
normalized: syntax
normalized: indexer
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: where
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: directory
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: should
normalized: written
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: creates
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: needed
normalized: and
normalized: overwrites
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: already
normalized: exists
normalized: read
normalized: documents
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: each
normalized: which
normalized: has
normalized: unique
normalized: document
normalized: wherein
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: starts
normalized: and
normalized: increments
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: new
normalized: page
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: form
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: depth
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: content
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: unchanged
normalized: build
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: mapping
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: documentid
normalized: count
normalized: pairs
normalized: wherein
normalized: each
normalized: count
normalized: represents
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: occurrences
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: word
normalized: the
normalized: given
normalized: document
normalized: ignore
normalized: words
normalized: with
normalized: fewer
normalized: than
normalized: three
normalized: characters
normalized: and
normalized: normalize
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: before
normalized: indexing
normalized: here
normalized: normalize
normalized: means
normalized: convert
normalized: all
normalized: letters
normalized: lower
normalized: case
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: described
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: shall
normalized: validate
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: for
normalized: existing
normalized: directory
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: writeable
normalized: file
normalized: may
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: already
normalized: exist
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: may
normalized: assume
normalized: that
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: has
normalized: files
normalized: named
normalized: without
normalized: gaps
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: files
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: specs
normalized: thus
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: extensive
normalized: error
normalized: checking
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: tester
normalized: shall
normalized: execute
normalized: from
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: with
normalized: usage
normalized: syntax
normalized: indextest
normalized: oldindexfilename
normalized: newindexfilename
normalized: where
normalized: oldindexfilename
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: file
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: newindexfilename
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: which
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: should
normalized: written
normalized: load
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: oldindexfilename
normalized: into
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: newindexfilename
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: described
normalized: below
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: validate
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: ensure
normalized: that
normalized: receives
normalized: precisely
normalized: two
normalized: arguments
normalized: may
normalized: simply
normalized: try
normalized: open
normalized: the
normalized: oldindexfilename
normalized: for
normalized: reading
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: try
normalized: open
normalized: the
normalized: newindexfilename
normalized: for
normalized: writing
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: want
normalized: run
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: part
normalized: testing
normalized: script
normalized: that
normalized: verifies
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: identical
normalized: equivalent
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: tester
normalized: may
normalized: assume
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: follows
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: specified
normalized: below
normalized: thus
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: recreate
normalized: index
normalized: structure
normalized: reading
normalized: file
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: extensive
normalized: error
normalized: checking
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: format
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: writes
normalized: the
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: tester
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: shall
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: format
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: per
normalized: word
normalized: one
normalized: word
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: each
normalized: line
normalized: provides
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: and
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: docid
normalized: count
normalized: pairs
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: word
normalized: docid
normalized: count
normalized: docid
normalized: count
normalized: where
normalized: word
normalized: string
normalized: lower
normalized: case
normalized: letters
normalized: where
normalized: docid
normalized: positive
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: integer
normalized: where
normalized: count
normalized: positive
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: integer
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: word
normalized: and
normalized: integers
normalized: are
normalized: separated
normalized: spaces
normalized: within
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: lines
normalized: may
normalized: any
normalized: order
normalized: within
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: docids
normalized: may
normalized: any
normalized: order
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: tse
normalized: querier
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: tse
normalized: querier
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: querier
normalized: standalone
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: reads
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: and
normalized: page
normalized: files
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: querier
normalized: and
normalized: answers
normalized: search
normalized: queries
normalized: submitted
normalized: via
normalized: stdin
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: shall
normalized: execute
normalized: from
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: with
normalized: usage
normalized: syntax
normalized: querier
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: where
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: directory
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: file
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: load
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: from
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: into
normalized: internal
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: read
normalized: search
normalized: queries
normalized: from
normalized: stdin
normalized: one
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: until
normalized: eof
normalized: clean
normalized: and
normalized: parse
normalized: each
normalized: query
normalized: according
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: described
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: syntax
normalized: somehow
normalized: invalid
normalized: print
normalized: error
normalized: message
normalized: not
normalized: perform
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: prompt
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: query
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: clean
normalized: query
normalized: for
normalized: user
normalized: see
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: that
normalized: satisfy
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: described
normalized: below
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: empty
normalized: words
normalized: print
normalized: nothing
normalized: documents
normalized: satisfy
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: print
normalized: documents
normalized: match
normalized: otherwise
normalized: rank
normalized: the
normalized: resulting
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: according
normalized: its
normalized: score
normalized: described
normalized: below
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: documents
normalized: decreasing
normalized: rank
normalized: order
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: list
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: document
normalized: and
normalized: url
normalized: obtain
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: reading
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: relevant
normalized: document
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: when
normalized: eof
normalized: reached
normalized: stdin
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: shall
normalized: validate
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: for
normalized: existing
normalized: directory
normalized: produced
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: and
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: the
normalized: pathname
normalized: readable
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: may
normalized: assume
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: designated
normalized: formats
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: has
normalized: files
normalized: named
normalized: without
normalized: gaps
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: files
normalized: pagedirectory
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: format
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: specs
normalized: thus
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: extensive
normalized: error
normalized: checking
normalized: the
normalized: content
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: named
normalized: indexfilename
normalized: follows
normalized: our
normalized: index
normalized: file
normalized: format
normalized: thus
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: recreate
normalized: index
normalized: structure
normalized: reading
normalized: file
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: extensive
normalized: error
normalized: checking
normalized: queries
normalized: the
normalized: specs
normalized: above
normalized: indicate
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: read
normalized: one
normalized: query
normalized: per
normalized: line
normalized: parse
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: according
normalized: its
normalized: syntax
normalized: determine
normalized: which
normalized: documents
normalized: satisfy
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: determine
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: satisfying
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: define
normalized: each
normalized: term
normalized: below
normalized: syntax
normalized: queries
normalized: are
normalized: sequence
normalized: words
normalized: with
normalized: optional
normalized: boolean
normalized: operators
normalized: and
normalized: where
normalized: and
normalized: has
normalized: higher
normalized: precedence
normalized: than
normalized: first
normalized: ignore
normalized: blank
normalized: lines
normalized: empty
normalized: nothing
normalized: but
normalized: spaces
normalized: second
normalized: translate
normalized: all
normalized: upper
normalized: case
normalized: letters
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: line
normalized: into
normalized: lower
normalized: case
normalized: then
normalized: use
normalized: backus
normalized: naur
normalized: form
normalized: for
normalized: describing
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: syntax
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: heard
normalized: bnf
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: sure
normalized: see
normalized: future
normalized: classes
normalized: software
normalized: specs
normalized: query
normalized: andsequence
normalized: andsequence
normalized: andsequence
normalized: word
normalized: and
normalized: word
normalized: and
normalized: word
normalized: sequence
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: lower
normalized: case
normalized: letters
normalized: think
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: sequence
normalized: tokens
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: literal
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: space
normalized: between
normalized: tokens
normalized: and
normalized: optional
normalized: space
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: note
normalized: too
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: literal
normalized: and
normalized: may
normalized: left
normalized: out
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: implicit
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: structure
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: indicates
normalized: that
normalized: and
normalized: has
normalized: higher
normalized: precedence
normalized: binds
normalized: more
normalized: tightly
normalized: than
normalized: query
normalized: sequence
normalized: and
normalized: sequences
normalized: for
normalized: those
normalized: you
normalized: familiar
normalized: with
normalized: logic
normalized: disjunction
normalized: conjunctions
normalized: the
normalized: way
normalized: this
normalized: very
normalized: similar
normalized: another
normalized: grammar
normalized: you
normalized: know
normalized: well
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: expression
normalized: product
normalized: product
normalized: product
normalized: number
normalized: number
normalized: and
normalized: number
normalized: sequence
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: digits
normalized: equation
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: answer
normalized: not
normalized: because
normalized: has
normalized: higher
normalized: precedence
normalized: than
normalized: see
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: single
normalized: word
normalized: examples
normalized: all
normalized: equivalent
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: two
normalized: word
normalized: examples
normalized: all
normalized: equivalent
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: and
normalized: college
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: and
normalized: college
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: two
normalized: examples
normalized: are
normalized: different
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: there
normalized: implicit
normalized: and
normalized: between
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: and
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: between
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: science
normalized: capitalization
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: matter
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: two
normalized: queries
normalized: are
normalized: equivalent
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: and
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: science
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: and
normalized: college
normalized: computer
normalized: and
normalized: science
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: single
normalized: andsequence
normalized: single
normalized: conjunction
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: combination
normalized: first
normalized: andsequence
normalized: and
normalized: second
normalized: andsequence
normalized: that
normalized: disjunction
normalized: two
normalized: conjunctions
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: combine
normalized: words
normalized: more
normalized: richly
normalized: course
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: programming
normalized: unix
normalized: doug
normalized: mcilroy
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: queries
normalized: all
normalized: have
normalized: syntax
normalized: errors
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: backus
normalized: naur
normalized: form
normalized: because
normalized: per
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: the
normalized: literal
normalized: and
normalized: must
normalized: come
normalized: between
normalized: words
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: literal
normalized: must
normalized: come
normalized: between
normalized: andsequences
normalized: they
normalized: cannot
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: end
normalized: query
normalized: the
normalized: literals
normalized: and
normalized: amp
normalized: cannot
normalized: adjacent
normalized: characters
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: letters
normalized: spaces
normalized: are
normalized: disallowed
normalized: example
normalized: output
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: for
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: queries
normalized: above
normalized: query
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: programming
normalized: unix
normalized: doug
normalized: mcilroy
normalized: matches
normalized: documents
normalized: ranked
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: papers
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: postdoc
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: people
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: championinternationalprofessor
normalized: html
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: score
normalized: doc
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: dfk
normalized: teaching
normalized: html
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: first
normalized: query
normalized: error
normalized: cannot
normalized: first
normalized: query
normalized: and
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: first
normalized: query
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: error
normalized: cannot
normalized: first
normalized: query
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: error
normalized: cannot
normalized: last
normalized: query
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: last
normalized: query
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: adjacent
normalized: query
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: adjacent
normalized: query
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: and
normalized: computer
normalized: error
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: cannot
normalized: adjacent
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: character
normalized: query
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: character
normalized: query
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: character
normalized: query
normalized: satisfy
normalized: document
normalized: satisfies
normalized: single
normalized: word
normalized: query
normalized: for
normalized: word
normalized: that
normalized: word
normalized: appears
normalized: that
normalized: document
normalized: document
normalized: satisfies
normalized: conjunction
normalized: aka
normalized: andsequence
normalized: worda
normalized: and
normalized: wordb
normalized: both
normalized: worda
normalized: and
normalized: wordb
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: induction
normalized: document
normalized: satisfies
normalized: andsequence
normalized: and
normalized: wordc
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: satisfies
normalized: the
normalized: andsequence
normalized: and
normalized: wordc
normalized: also
normalized: appears
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: document
normalized: satisfies
normalized: disjunction
normalized: worda
normalized: wordb
normalized: either
normalized: worda
normalized: and
normalized: wordb
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: induction
normalized: document
normalized: satisfies
normalized: andsequencea
normalized: andsequenceb
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: satisfies
normalized: the
normalized: andsequenceb
normalized: satisfies
normalized: andsequenceb
normalized: both
normalized: score
normalized: because
normalized: want
normalized: rank
normalized: the
normalized: documents
normalized: satisfying
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: need
normalized: score
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: how
normalized: well
normalized: satisfies
normalized: the
normalized: document
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: document
normalized: satisfying
normalized: single
normalized: word
normalized: query
normalized: for
normalized: word
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: occurrences
normalized: word
normalized: that
normalized: document
normalized: fortunately
normalized: that
normalized: what
normalized: your
normalized: index
normalized: tells
normalized: you
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: document
normalized: satisfying
normalized: conjunction
normalized: aka
normalized: andsequence
normalized: worda
normalized: and
normalized: wordb
normalized: the
normalized: minimum
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: worda
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: wordb
normalized: this
normalized: document
normalized: induction
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: document
normalized: satisfying
normalized: andsequence
normalized: and
normalized: wordc
normalized: the
normalized: minimum
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: andsequence
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: wordc
normalized: this
normalized: document
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: document
normalized: satisfying
normalized: disjunction
normalized: worda
normalized: wordb
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: worda
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: wordb
normalized: this
normalized: document
normalized: induction
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: document
normalized: satisfying
normalized: andsequencea
normalized: andsequenceb
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: andsequencea
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: score
normalized: for
normalized: andsequenceb
normalized: this
normalized: document
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: consider
normalized: three
normalized: documents
normalized: and
normalized: three
normalized: queries
normalized: query
normalized: matches
normalized: cat
normalized: dog
normalized: emu
normalized: cat
normalized: dog
normalized: emu
normalized: cat
normalized: dog
normalized: emu
normalized: cat
normalized: and
normalized: dog
normalized: score
normalized: score
normalized: score
normalized: cat
normalized: dog
normalized: score
normalized: score
normalized: score
normalized: cat
normalized: and
normalized: dog
normalized: emu
normalized: score
normalized: score
normalized: score
normalized: where
normalized: indicates
normalized: the
normalized: highest
normalized: rank
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: query
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: nginx
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: nginx
normalized: activity
normalized: shell
normalized: pipelines
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: shell
normalized: pipelines
normalized: billboard
normalized: hot
normalized: let
normalized: play
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: billboard
normalized: hot
normalized: from
normalized: which
normalized: extracted
normalized: into
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: write
normalized: pipelines
normalized: find
normalized: out
normalized: sort
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: start
normalized: and
normalized: countdown
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: song
normalized: titles
normalized: mention
normalized: love
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: artists
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: which
normalized: artist
normalized: had
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: hits
normalized: top
normalized: some
normalized: useful
normalized: commands
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: lectures
normalized: bash
normalized: billboard
normalized: hot
normalized: txt
normalized: less
normalized: cut
normalized: less
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: shell
normalized: script
normalized: read
normalized: backup
normalized: diff
normalized: what
normalized: does
normalized: now
normalized: make
normalized: copy
normalized: for
normalized: yourself
normalized: examples
normalized: backup
normalized: diff
normalized: work
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: scp
normalized: username
normalized: flume
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: examples
normalized: backup
normalized: diff
normalized: and
normalized: modify
normalized: your
normalized: copy
normalized: exits
normalized: with
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: when
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: differences
normalized: and
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: status
normalized: when
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: any
normalized: missing
normalized: backups
normalized: differing
normalized: files
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: extra
normalized: introduction
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: extra
normalized: introduction
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: meant
normalized: complement
normalized: today
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: warning
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: cited
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: follow
normalized: programming
normalized: style
normalized: cover
normalized: operators
normalized: precedence
normalized: base
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: storage
normalized: modifiers
normalized: scope
normalized: rules
normalized: global
normalized: and
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: flow
normalized: control
normalized: programs
normalized: let
normalized: basic
normalized: operators
normalized: nearly
normalized: all
normalized: operators
normalized: are
normalized: identical
normalized: those
normalized: java
normalized: however
normalized: the
normalized: role
normalized: system
normalized: programming
normalized: exposes
normalized: much
normalized: more
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: shift
normalized: and
normalized: bit
normalized: wise
normalized: operators
normalized: than
normalized: java
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: operators
normalized: assignment
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: unary
normalized: priorities
normalized: may
normalized: overridden
normalized: with
normalized: relational
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: precedence
normalized: equality
normalized: logical
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: pre
normalized: and
normalized: post
normalized: decrement
normalized: and
normalized: increment
normalized: operators
normalized: any
normalized: integer
normalized: character
normalized: pointer
normalized: variable
normalized: may
normalized: either
normalized: incremented
normalized: decremented
normalized: before
normalized: after
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: used
normalized: expression
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: fred
normalized: will
normalized: decrement
normalized: fred
normalized: before
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: used
normalized: fred
normalized: will
normalized: increment
normalized: fred
normalized: before
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: used
normalized: fred
normalized: will
normalized: get
normalized: old
normalized: value
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: decrement
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: will
normalized: get
normalized: old
normalized: value
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: increment
normalized: fred
normalized: let
normalized: write
normalized: some
normalized: code
normalized: look
normalized: pre
normalized: and
normalized: post
normalized: increment
normalized: and
normalized: decrement
normalized: code
normalized: increment
normalized: file
normalized: increment
normalized: description
normalized: illustrate
normalized: pre
normalized: and
normalized: post
normalized: increment
normalized: and
normalized: decrement
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: fred
normalized: printf
normalized: start
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: printf
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: printf
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: printf
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: printf
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: return
normalized: once
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: have
normalized: compile
normalized: with
normalized: gcc
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: various
normalized: compiler
normalized: switches
normalized: discussed
normalized: lecture
normalized: see
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: options
normalized: try
normalized: gcc
normalized: help
normalized: man
normalized: gcc
normalized: use
normalized: mygcc
normalized: filename
normalized: filename
normalized: our
normalized: compilation
normalized: command
normalized: for
normalized: now
normalized: later
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: more
normalized: powerful
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: bashrc
normalized: already
normalized: defined
normalized: mygcc
normalized: alias
normalized: alias
normalized: mygcc
normalized: alias
normalized: mygcc
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: mygcc
normalized: increment
normalized: increment
normalized: increment
normalized: rwxr
normalized: atc
normalized: admin
normalized: jan
normalized: increment
normalized: increment
normalized: start
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: fred
normalized: fred
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: produces
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: named
normalized: increment
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: use
normalized: chmod
normalized: make
normalized: executable
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: takes
normalized: care
normalized: that
normalized: when
normalized: creates
normalized: executable
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: permission
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: increment
normalized: try
normalized: yourself
normalized: save
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: matches
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: gcc
normalized: and
normalized: mygcc
normalized: word
normalized: warning
normalized: whether
normalized: using
normalized: gcc
normalized: hello
normalized: hello
normalized: mygcc
normalized: hello
normalized: hello
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: take
normalized: care
normalized: avoid
normalized: getting
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: wrong
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: which
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: complier
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: following
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: will
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: one
normalized: student
normalized: compiled
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: way
normalized: mygcc
normalized: hello
normalized: hello
normalized: producing
normalized: executable
normalized: hello
normalized: correctly
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: recompiled
normalized: but
normalized: got
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: wrong
normalized: mygcc
normalized: hello
normalized: hello
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: gcc
normalized: compiler
normalized: did
normalized: wasn
normalized: pleasant
normalized: took
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: hello
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: and
normalized: hello
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: created
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: was
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: hello
normalized: disappeared
normalized: well
normalized: didn
normalized: actually
normalized: disappear
normalized: was
normalized: just
normalized: erased
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: got
normalized: ready
normalized: produce
normalized: new
normalized: output
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: same
normalized: name
normalized: please
normalized: careful
normalized: the
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: creates
normalized: should
normalized: given
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: that
normalized: follows
normalized: the
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: always
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: default
normalized: out
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: option
normalized: concerned
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: gcc
normalized: switches
normalized: are
normalized: important
normalized: use
normalized: because
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: write
normalized: good
normalized: clean
normalized: code
normalized: let
normalized: discuss
normalized: what
normalized: these
normalized: gcc
normalized: options
normalized: are
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: wall
normalized: turns
normalized: all
normalized: optional
normalized: warnings
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: desirable
normalized: for
normalized: normal
normalized: code
normalized: pedantic
normalized: checks
normalized: programs
normalized: for
normalized: strict
normalized: iso
normalized: conformance
normalized: and
normalized: issues
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: warnings
normalized: demanded
normalized: strict
normalized: iso
normalized: std
normalized: indicates
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: standard
normalized: want
normalized: using
normalized: these
normalized: options
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: forces
normalized: resolve
normalized: various
normalized: warning
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: not
normalized: see
normalized: you
normalized: just
normalized: used
normalized: gcc
normalized: without
normalized: any
normalized: switches
normalized: always
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: options
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: from
normalized: now
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: man
normalized: gcc
normalized: and
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: option
normalized: meanings
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: nitty
normalized: gritty
normalized: details
normalized: these
normalized: settings
normalized: bitwise
normalized: operators
normalized: and
normalized: masking
normalized: amp
normalized: bitwise
normalized: and
normalized: bitwise
normalized: bitwise
normalized: negation
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: check
normalized: certain
normalized: bits
normalized: are
normalized: nextchar
normalized: amp
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: how
normalized: this
normalized: works
normalized: shift
normalized: operators
normalized: shift
normalized: left
normalized: shift
normalized: right
normalized: shifting
normalized: bits
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: right
normalized: note
normalized: results
normalized: may
normalized: vary
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: being
normalized: shifted
normalized: signed
normalized: unsigned
normalized: see
normalized: amp
normalized: combined
normalized: operators
normalized: and
normalized: assignment
normalized: example
normalized: combined
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: include
normalized: stdlib
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: these
normalized: lines
normalized: printf
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: written
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: printf
normalized: exit
normalized: type
normalized: coercion
normalized: permits
normalized: assignments
normalized: and
normalized: parameter
normalized: passing
normalized: between
normalized: variables
normalized: different
normalized: types
normalized: using
normalized: type
normalized: casts
normalized: coercion
normalized: casts
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: implicit
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: where
normalized: some
normalized: languages
normalized: require
normalized: transfer
normalized: function
normalized: will
normalized: see
normalized: examples
normalized: cast
normalized: operator
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: precedence
normalized: operators
normalized: expressions
normalized: are
normalized: all
normalized: evaluated
normalized: from
normalized: left
normalized: right
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: default
normalized: precedence
normalized: may
normalized: overridden
normalized: with
normalized: brackets
normalized: operator
normalized: precedence
normalized: highest
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: lowest
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: function
normalized: names
normalized: shall
normalized: see
normalized: later
normalized: must
normalized: commence
normalized: with
normalized: alphabetic
normalized: the
normalized: underscore
normalized: character
normalized: and
normalized: followed
normalized: zero
normalized: more
normalized: alphabetic
normalized: underscore
normalized: digit
normalized: characters
normalized: most
normalized: compilers
normalized: such
normalized: gcc
normalized: accept
normalized: and
normalized: support
normalized: variable
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: function
normalized: names
normalized: characters
normalized: length
normalized: some
normalized: older
normalized: compilers
normalized: only
normalized: supported
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: with
normalized: unique
normalized: leading
normalized: characters
normalized: and
normalized: keeping
normalized: this
normalized: limit
normalized: may
normalized: preferred
normalized: maintain
normalized: portable
normalized: code
normalized: also
normalized: preferred
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: consisting
normalized: entirely
normalized: uppercase
normalized: characters
normalized: all
normalized: uppercase
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: are
normalized: typically
normalized: reserved
normalized: for
normalized: constants
normalized: such
normalized: maxbufsize
normalized: avagadros
normalized: number
normalized: maxusers
normalized: importantly
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: are
normalized: case
normalized: sensitive
normalized: mylimit
normalized: mylimit
normalized: mylimit
normalized: and
normalized: mylimit
normalized: are
normalized: four
normalized: different
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: specific
normalized: variable
normalized: function
normalized: naming
normalized: styles
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: encounter
normalized: the
normalized: major
normalized: ones
normalized: are
normalized: camelcase
normalized: writing
normalized: compound
normalized: words
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: letter
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: capitalized
normalized: except
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: word
normalized: first
normalized: letter
normalized: which
normalized: not
normalized: capitalized
normalized: pascalcase
normalized: writing
normalized: compound
normalized: words
normalized: just
normalized: camelcase
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: letter
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: word
normalized: also
normalized: capitalized
normalized: java
normalized: common
normalized: use
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: for
normalized: class
normalized: names
normalized: but
normalized: camel
normalized: case
normalized: for
normalized: member
normalized: names
normalized: snake
normalized: case
normalized: writing
normalized: compound
normalized: words
normalized: with
normalized: underscore
normalized: between
normalized: each
normalized: word
normalized: with
normalized: little
normalized: any
normalized: capitalization
normalized: for
normalized: short
normalized: history
normalized: how
normalized: these
normalized: came
normalized: about
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: discussion
normalized: see
normalized: brad
normalized: abrams
normalized: blog
normalized: post
normalized: any
normalized: programming
normalized: project
normalized: including
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: assignments
normalized: should
normalized: pick
normalized: variable
normalized: function
normalized: naming
normalized: style
normalized: and
normalized: stick
normalized: with
normalized: base
normalized: types
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: declared
normalized: certain
normalized: type
normalized: this
normalized: type
normalized: may
normalized: either
normalized: base
normalized: type
normalized: supported
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: itself
normalized: user
normalized: defined
normalized: type
normalized: consisting
normalized: elements
normalized: drawn
normalized: from
normalized: set
normalized: base
normalized: types
normalized: base
normalized: types
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: representation
normalized: our
normalized: lab
normalized: systems
normalized: are
normalized: type
normalized: description
normalized: char
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: type
normalized: bits
normalized: long
normalized: short
normalized: the
normalized: short
normalized: integer
normalized: type
normalized: bits
normalized: long
normalized: int
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: integer
normalized: type
normalized: bits
normalized: long
normalized: long
normalized: the
normalized: longer
normalized: integer
normalized: type
normalized: bits
normalized: long
normalized: float
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: floating
normalized: point
normalized: real
normalized: type
normalized: bits
normalized: long
normalized: about
normalized: decimal
normalized: digits
normalized: precision
normalized: double
normalized: the
normalized: extra
normalized: precision
normalized: floating
normalized: point
normalized: type
normalized: bits
normalized: long
normalized: about
normalized: decimal
normalized: digits
normalized: precision
normalized: can
normalized: determine
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: bytes
normalized: required
normalized: for
normalized: datatypes
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: things
normalized: will
normalized: see
normalized: later
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: sizeof
normalized: operator
normalized: contrast
normalized: java
normalized: defines
normalized: how
normalized: long
normalized: each
normalized: datatype
normalized: may
normalized: the
normalized: sizes
normalized: vary
normalized: from
normalized: machine
normalized: machine
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: details
normalized: managed
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: only
normalized: guarantee
normalized: that
normalized: sizeof
normalized: char
normalized: sizeof
normalized: short
normalized: sizeof
normalized: int
normalized: sizeof
normalized: long
normalized: let
normalized: write
normalized: some
normalized: code
normalized: look
normalized: these
normalized: base
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: sizeof
normalized: operator
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: printf
normalized: function
normalized: will
normalized: also
normalized: define
normalized: variables
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: base
normalized: types
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: initialized
normalized: values
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: code
normalized: example
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: description
normalized: sets
normalized: variables
normalized: for
normalized: different
normalized: base
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: intialises
normalized: them
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: data
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: size
normalized: the
normalized: base
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: number
normalized: bytes
normalized: revised
normalized: version
normalized: code
normalized: program
normalized: bronson
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: char
normalized: int
normalized: short
normalized: long
normalized: long
normalized: long
normalized: llo
normalized: float
normalized: double
normalized: long
normalized: double
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: sizeof
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: char
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: sizeof
normalized: char
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: int
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: sizeof
normalized: int
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: short
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: sizeof
normalized: short
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: long
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: sizeof
normalized: long
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: long
normalized: long
normalized: lld
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: llo
normalized: sizeof
normalized: long
normalized: long
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: float
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: sizeof
normalized: float
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: double
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: sizeof
normalized: double
normalized: printf
normalized: contents
normalized: long
normalized: double
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: sizeof
normalized: long
normalized: double
normalized: return
normalized: let
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: mygcc
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: contents
normalized: sizeof
normalized: contents
normalized: char
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: contents
normalized: int
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: contents
normalized: short
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: contents
normalized: long
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: contents
normalized: long
normalized: long
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: contents
normalized: float
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: contents
normalized: double
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: contents
normalized: long
normalized: double
normalized: sizeof
normalized: bytes
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: save
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: your
normalized: directory
normalized: compile
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: storage
normalized: modifiers
normalized: variables
normalized: base
normalized: types
normalized: may
normalized: preceded
normalized: with
normalized: one
normalized: more
normalized: storage
normalized: modifier
normalized: storage
normalized: meaning
normalized: modifier
normalized: auto
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: placed
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: default
normalized: deprecated
normalized: const
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: constant
normalized: and
normalized: can
normalized: will
normalized: never
normalized: change
normalized: value
normalized: extern
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: defined
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: file
normalized: register
normalized: request
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: placed
normalized: register
normalized: mostly
normalized: ignored
normalized: static
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: placed
normalized: global
normalized: storage
normalized: with
normalized: limited
normalized: visibility
normalized: typedef
normalized: introduces
normalized: user
normalized: defined
normalized: type
normalized: unsigned
normalized: stored
normalized: and
normalized: used
normalized: only
normalized: positive
normalized: integers
normalized: initialization
normalized: variables
normalized: all
normalized: scalar
normalized: auto
normalized: and
normalized: static
normalized: variables
normalized: may
normalized: initialized
normalized: immediately
normalized: after
normalized: their
normalized: definition
normalized: typically
normalized: with
normalized: constants
normalized: simple
normalized: expressions
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: can
normalized: evaluate
normalized: compile
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: defines
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: uninitialized
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: uninitialized
normalized: static
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: will
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: values
normalized: resulting
normalized: from
normalized: their
normalized: memory
normalized: locations
normalized: being
normalized: filled
normalized: with
normalized: zeroes
normalized: conveniently
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: for
normalized: integer
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: floating
normalized: point
normalized: number
normalized: scope
normalized: rules
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: scope
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: section
normalized: function
normalized: block
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: valid
normalized: and
normalized: known
normalized: java
normalized: variable
normalized: simply
normalized: used
normalized: name
normalized: which
normalized: refer
normalized: object
normalized: newly
normalized: created
normalized: object
normalized: given
normalized: name
normalized: for
normalized: later
normalized: reference
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: name
normalized: may
normalized: used
normalized: refer
normalized: another
normalized: object
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: variable
normalized: more
normalized: strictly
normalized: refers
normalized: memory
normalized: address
normalized: contiguous
normalized: memory
normalized: address
normalized: starting
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: indicated
normalized: point
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: declares
normalized: how
normalized: that
normalized: memory
normalized: contents
normalized: should
normalized: interpreted
normalized: and
normalized: modified
normalized: only
normalized: has
normalized: two
normalized: true
normalized: lexical
normalized: levels
normalized: global
normalized: and
normalized: function
normalized: though
normalized: sub
normalized: blocks
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: statements
normalized: may
normalized: introduced
normalized: sub
normalized: blocks
normalized: many
normalized: places
normalized: seemingly
normalized: creating
normalized: new
normalized: lexical
normalized: levels
normalized: such
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: typically
normalized: defined
normalized: globally
normalized: lexical
normalized: level
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: statement
normalized: block
normalized: where
normalized: function
normalized: body
normalized: understood
normalized: statement
normalized: block
normalized: variables
normalized: defined
normalized: globally
normalized: file
normalized: are
normalized: visible
normalized: until
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: they
normalized: need
normalized: not
normalized: declared
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: file
normalized: but
normalized: typically
normalized: are
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: has
normalized: storage
normalized: modifier
normalized: static
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: only
normalized: available
normalized: from
normalized: within
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: modifier
normalized: missing
normalized: that
normalized: variable
normalized: may
normalized: accessed
normalized: from
normalized: another
normalized: file
normalized: part
normalized: program
normalized: compiled
normalized: and
normalized: linked
normalized: from
normalized: multiple
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: extern
normalized: modifier
normalized: used
normalized: within
normalized: given
normalized: file
normalized: declare
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: indicated
normalized: variable
normalized: defined
normalized: another
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: may
normalized: declared
normalized: extern
normalized: all
normalized: files
normalized: but
normalized: must
normalized: defined
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: static
normalized: only
normalized: single
normalized: file
normalized: scope
normalized: rules
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: variables
normalized: may
normalized: also
normalized: declared
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: statement
normalized: block
normalized: but
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: declared
normalized: anywhere
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: the
normalized: block
normalized: such
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: visible
normalized: until
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: that
normalized: block
normalized: most
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: declared
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: function
normalized: block
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: thus
normalized: visible
normalized: until
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: function
normalized: variables
normalized: name
normalized: may
normalized: shadow
normalized: that
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: making
normalized: that
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: inaccessible
normalized: blocks
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: shadowed
normalized: variables
normalized: cannot
normalized: named
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: accessible
normalized: until
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: block
normalized: which
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: defined
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: are
normalized: implicitly
normalized: preceded
normalized: the
normalized: auto
normalized: modifier
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: enters
normalized: the
normalized: block
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: allocated
normalized: the
normalized: run
normalized: time
normalized: stack
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: automatically
normalized: deallocated
normalized: simply
normalized: becomes
normalized: inaccessible
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: leaves
normalized: the
normalized: block
normalized: the
normalized: implicit
normalized: auto
normalized: modifier
normalized: facilitates
normalized: recursion
normalized: each
normalized: entry
normalized: into
normalized: new
normalized: block
normalized: allocates
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: new
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: these
normalized: unique
normalized: instances
normalized: are
normalized: accessible
normalized: only
normalized: while
normalized: that
normalized: block
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: preceded
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: modifier
normalized: its
normalized: memory
normalized: not
normalized: allocated
normalized: the
normalized: run
normalized: time
normalized: stack
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: memory
normalized: for
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: when
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: leaves
normalized: the
normalized: block
normalized: the
normalized: memory
normalized: not
normalized: deallocated
normalized: and
normalized: remains
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: exclusive
normalized: use
normalized: that
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: that
normalized: static
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: retains
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: between
normalized: entries
normalized: its
normalized: block
normalized: whereas
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: value
normalized: auto
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: sitting
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: cannot
normalized: assumed
normalized: more
normalized: correctly
normalized: should
normalized: considered
normalized: contain
normalized: totally
normalized: random
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: value
normalized: static
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: was
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: used
normalized: examples
normalized: global
normalized: and
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: some
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: reinforce
normalized: the
normalized: ideas
normalized: local
normalized: and
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: issue
normalized: the
normalized: scope
normalized: these
normalized: variables
normalized: section
normalized: code
normalized: example
normalized: scope
normalized: file
normalized: scope
normalized: description
normalized: illustrates
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: global
normalized: and
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: global
normalized: function
normalized: prototypes
normalized: revised
normalized: code
normalized: taken
normalized: from
normalized: program
normalized: bronson
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: firstnum
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: not
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: stack
normalized: has
normalized: full
normalized: scope
normalized: all
normalized: functions
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: scope
normalized: any
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: can
normalized: read
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: once
normalized: main
normalized: teriminates
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: dellocated
normalized: and
normalized: longer
normalized: exists
normalized: int
normalized: firstnum
normalized: create
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: named
normalized: firstnum
normalized: void
normalized: valfun
normalized: global
normalized: function
normalized: prototype
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: secnum
normalized: create
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: named
normalized: secnum
normalized: firstnum
normalized: store
normalized: value
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: secnum
normalized: store
normalized: value
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: printf
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: firstnum
normalized: firstnum
normalized: printf
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: secnum
normalized: secnum
normalized: valfun
normalized: call
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: valfun
normalized: printf
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: again
normalized: firstnum
normalized: firstnum
normalized: printf
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: again
normalized: secnum
normalized: secnum
normalized: return
normalized: void
normalized: valfun
normalized: values
normalized: are
normalized: passed
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: secum
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: created
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: when
normalized: valfun
normalized: executes
normalized: when
normalized: valfun
normalized: exits
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: deallocated
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: longer
normalized: exists
normalized: local
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: scope
normalized: valfun
normalized: int
normalized: secnum
normalized: create
normalized: second
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: named
normalized: secnum
normalized: secnum
normalized: this
normalized: only
normalized: affects
normalized: this
normalized: local
normalized: variable
normalized: value
normalized: printf
normalized: from
normalized: valfun
normalized: firstnum
normalized: firstnum
normalized: printf
normalized: from
normalized: valfun
normalized: secnum
normalized: secnum
normalized: firstnum
normalized: this
normalized: changes
normalized: firstnum
normalized: for
normalized: both
normalized: functions
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: follows
normalized: mygcc
normalized: scope
normalized: scope
normalized: scope
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: firstnum
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: secnum
normalized: from
normalized: valfun
normalized: firstnum
normalized: from
normalized: valfun
normalized: secnum
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: again
normalized: firstnum
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: again
normalized: secnum
normalized: study
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: expected
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: thing
normalized: note
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: defines
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: firstnum
normalized: that
normalized: scope
normalized: the
normalized: complete
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: therefore
normalized: accessible
normalized: from
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: valfun
normalized: note
normalized: scope
normalized: has
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: valfun
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: for
normalized: valfun
normalized: declared
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: giving
normalized: global
normalized: scope
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: scope
normalized: will
normalized: discuss
normalized: prototypes
normalized: more
normalized: later
normalized: both
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: valfun
normalized: update
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: firstnum
normalized: which
normalized: represents
normalized: variable
normalized: with
normalized: memory
normalized: address
normalized: space
normalized: not
normalized: allocated
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: auto
normalized: variables
normalized: such
normalized: secnum
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: valfun
normalized: both
normalized: have
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: named
normalized: secnum
normalized: this
normalized: name
normalized: collision
normalized: not
normalized: problem
normalized: and
normalized: causes
normalized: clash
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: scope
normalized: these
normalized: two
normalized: different
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: that
normalized: happen
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: name
normalized: only
normalized: have
normalized: local
normalized: scope
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: valfun
normalized: functions
normalized: respectively
normalized: their
normalized: instances
normalized: are
normalized: private
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: valfun
normalized: respectively
normalized: they
normalized: have
normalized: association
normalized: other
normalized: than
normalized: having
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: names
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: auto
normalized: variables
normalized: created
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: and
normalized: longer
normalized: exist
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: exits
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: valfun
normalized: creates
normalized: variable
normalized: for
normalized: secnum
normalized: integer
normalized: type
normalized: its
normalized: local
normalized: stack
normalized: when
normalized: executes
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: returns
normalized: control
normalized: main
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: deallocated
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: longer
normalized: exists
normalized: contrast
normalized: the
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: firstnum
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: current
normalized: value
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: changed
normalized: when
normalized: valfun
normalized: exits
normalized: examples
normalized: auto
normalized: and
normalized: static
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: consider
normalized: another
normalized: storage
normalized: modifier
normalized: that
normalized: impacted
normalized: scope
normalized: static
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: placed
normalized: global
normalized: storage
normalized: with
normalized: limited
normalized: visibility
normalized: depending
normalized: where
normalized: defined
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: two
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: that
normalized: illustrate
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: local
normalized: auto
normalized: and
normalized: static
normalized: variables
normalized: these
normalized: represent
normalized: two
normalized: important
normalized: cases
normalized: first
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: auto
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: example
normalized: auto
normalized: file
normalized: auto
normalized: description
normalized: illustrates
normalized: the
normalized: auto
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: code
normalized: taken
normalized: from
normalized: program
normalized: bronson
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: void
normalized: testauto
normalized: function
normalized: prototype
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: count
normalized: create
normalized: the
normalized: auto
normalized: variable
normalized: count
normalized: for
normalized: count
normalized: count
normalized: count
normalized: testauto
normalized: return
normalized: void
normalized: testauto
normalized: int
normalized: num
normalized: create
normalized: the
normalized: auto
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: and
normalized: initialize
normalized: zero
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: automatic
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: num
normalized: num
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: follows
normalized: auto
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: automatic
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: automatic
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: automatic
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: study
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: expected
normalized: now
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: when
normalized: num
normalized: defined
normalized: static
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: scope
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: teststat
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: num
normalized: now
normalized: persistent
normalized: across
normalized: multiple
normalized: invocations
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: this
normalized: direct
normalized: contrast
normalized: the
normalized: auto
normalized: local
normalized: varable
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: code
normalized: snippet
normalized: auto
normalized: essence
normalized: the
normalized: operator
normalized: static
normalized: allocates
normalized: memory
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: type
normalized: int
normalized: that
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: stack
normalized: just
normalized: like
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: scope
normalized: firstnum
normalized: however
normalized: the
normalized: distinction
normalized: here
normalized: that
normalized: static
normalized: not
normalized: global
normalized: only
normalized: accessible
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: teststat
normalized: hope
normalized: that
normalized: clarifies
normalized: the
normalized: issue
normalized: scope
normalized: local
normalized: and
normalized: global
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: issue
normalized: auto
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: static
normalized: variables
normalized: first
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: static
normalized: local
normalized: variables
normalized: example
normalized: static
normalized: file
normalized: static
normalized: description
normalized: illustrates
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: auto
normalized: variables
normalized: with
normalized: static
normalized: revised
normalized: code
normalized: taken
normalized: from
normalized: program
normalized: bronson
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: void
normalized: teststat
normalized: function
normalized: prototype
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: count
normalized: count
normalized: local
normalized: auto
normalized: variable
normalized: for
normalized: count
normalized: count
normalized: count
normalized: teststat
normalized: return
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: varuable
normalized: num
normalized: teststat
normalized: only
normalized: set
normalized: zero
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: scope
normalized: static
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: detains
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: when
normalized: teststat
normalized: returns
normalized: void
normalized: teststat
normalized: static
normalized: int
normalized: num
normalized: num
normalized: local
normalized: static
normalized: variable
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: now
normalized: num
normalized: num
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: follows
normalized: static
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: variable
normalized: num
normalized: now
normalized: this
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: expected
normalized: question
normalized: have
normalized: defined
normalized: static
normalized: int
normalized: num
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: static
normalized: how
normalized: would
normalized: that
normalized: change
normalized: the
normalized: scope
normalized: the
normalized: static
normalized: variable
normalized: different
normalized: int
normalized: num
normalized: defined
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: like
normalized: firstnum
normalized: scope
normalized: flow
normalized: control
normalized: program
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: within
normalized: programs
normalized: almost
normalized: identical
normalized: the
normalized: equivalent
normalized: constructs
normalized: java
normalized: however
normalized: provides
normalized: exception
normalized: mechanism
normalized: and
normalized: has
normalized: try
normalized: catch
normalized: and
normalized: finally
normalized: constructs
normalized: conditional
normalized: execution
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: statement
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: else
normalized: statement
normalized: significance
normalized: and
normalized: very
normalized: common
normalized: cause
normalized: errors
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: before
normalized: has
normalized: boolean
normalized: datatype
normalized: instead
normalized: any
normalized: expression
normalized: that
normalized: evaluates
normalized: the
normalized: integer
normalized: value
normalized: considered
normalized: false
normalized: and
normalized: any
normalized: nonzero
normalized: value
normalized: true
normalized: the
normalized: opposite
normalized: bash
normalized: conditional
normalized: statement
normalized: controlling
normalized: expression
normalized: evaluated
normalized: and
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: true
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: statement
normalized: executed
normalized: most
normalized: errors
normalized: are
normalized: introduced
normalized: when
normalized: programmers
normalized: accidentally
normalized: use
normalized: embedded
normalized: assignment
normalized: statements
normalized: conditional
normalized: expressions
normalized: loop
normalized: index
normalized: maxindex
normalized: statement
normalized: instead
normalized: loop
normalized: index
normalized: maxindex
normalized: statement
normalized: good
normalized: habit
normalized: get
normalized: into
normalized: place
normalized: constants
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: potential
normalized: assignments
normalized: value
normalized: statement
normalized: when
normalized: compiling
normalized: with
normalized: gcc
normalized: std
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: will
normalized: complain
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: assignment
normalized: operators
normalized: inside
normalized: conditions
normalized: the
normalized: only
normalized: way
normalized: shut
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: use
normalized: extra
normalized: parentheses
normalized: loop
normalized: index
normalized: maxindex
normalized: statement
normalized: other
normalized: control
normalized: flow
normalized: statements
normalized: are
normalized: very
normalized: unsurprising
normalized: while
normalized: conditional
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: statement
normalized: statement
normalized: statement
normalized: while
normalized: conditional
normalized: expression
normalized: for
normalized: initialization
normalized: conditional
normalized: expression
normalized: adjustment
normalized: statement
normalized: statement
normalized: examples
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: loops
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: for
normalized: statement
normalized: define
normalized: array
normalized: length
normalized: long
normalized: array
normalized: array
normalized: length
normalized: int
normalized: for
normalized: array
normalized: length
normalized: array
normalized: printf
normalized: value
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: components
normalized: the
normalized: for
normalized: statement
normalized: for
normalized: expressions
normalized: may
normalized: missing
normalized: the
normalized: conditional
normalized: expression
normalized: missing
normalized: always
normalized: true
normalized: infinite
normalized: loops
normalized: may
normalized: requested
normalized: with
normalized: for
normalized: with
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: equivalence
normalized: for
normalized: and
normalized: while
normalized: for
normalized: expression
normalized: expression
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: expression
normalized: while
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: expression
normalized: example
normalized: equivalence
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: while
normalized: statement
normalized: while
normalized: array
normalized: length
normalized: array
normalized: printf
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: statement
normalized: switch
normalized: expression
normalized: case
normalized: const
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: const
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: const
normalized: case
normalized: const
normalized: statement
normalized: default
normalized: statementn
normalized: break
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: few
normalized: differences
normalized: here
normalized: between
normalized: and
normalized: java
normalized: that
normalized: permits
normalized: control
normalized: drop
normalized: down
normalized: following
normalized: case
normalized: constructs
normalized: unless
normalized: there
normalized: explicit
normalized: break
normalized: statement
normalized: example
normalized: operator
normalized: file
normalized: operator
normalized: description
normalized: implements
normalized: basic
normalized: operations
normalized: multiplication
normalized: division
normalized: addition
normalized: modulos
normalized: revised
normalized: version
normalized: code
normalized: program
normalized: bronson
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: opselect
normalized: float
normalized: fnum
normalized: snum
normalized: printf
normalized: please
normalized: type
normalized: two
normalized: numbers
normalized: scanf
normalized: amp
normalized: fnum
normalized: amp
normalized: snum
normalized: printf
normalized: enter
normalized: select
normalized: code
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: addition
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: multiplication
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: division
normalized: printf
normalized: for
normalized: modulus
normalized: scanf
normalized: amp
normalized: opselect
normalized: this
normalized: line
normalized: below
normalized: intentional
normalized: bug
normalized: commented
normalized: out
normalized: causes
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: segfault
normalized: for
normalized: short
normalized: scanf
normalized: opselect
normalized: switch
normalized: opselect
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: sum
normalized: the
normalized: numbers
normalized: entered
normalized: fnum
normalized: snum
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: product
normalized: the
normalized: numbers
normalized: entered
normalized: fnum
normalized: snum
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: snum
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: number
normalized: divided
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: fnum
normalized: snum
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: division
normalized: zero
normalized: not
normalized: allowed
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: modulus
normalized: the
normalized: numbers
normalized: entered
normalized: int
normalized: fnum
normalized: int
normalized: snum
normalized: break
normalized: default
normalized: printf
normalized: need
normalized: enter
normalized: number
normalized: between
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: break
normalized: statement
normalized: for
normalized: expression
normalized: expression
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: statementn
normalized: while
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: statementn
normalized: switch
normalized: expression
normalized: case
normalized: const
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: const
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: const
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: default
normalized: statement
normalized: break
normalized: the
normalized: continue
normalized: statement
normalized: for
normalized: expression
normalized: expression
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: continue
normalized: statementn
normalized: while
normalized: expression
normalized: statement
normalized: continue
normalized: statementn
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: program
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: program
normalized: goals
normalized: experience
normalized: use
normalized: mygcc
normalized: compile
normalized: programs
normalized: use
normalized: editor
normalized: edit
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: some
normalized: simple
normalized: code
normalized: tasks
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: guessprime
normalized: program
normalized: into
normalized: your
normalized: own
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: compile
normalized: examples
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: mygcc
normalized: guessprime
normalized: guessprime
normalized: try
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: few
normalized: times
normalized: edit
normalized: guessprime
normalized: add
normalized: and
normalized: call
normalized: new
normalized: function
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: prime
normalized: numbers
normalized: from
normalized: min
normalized: max
normalized: inclusive
normalized: void
normalized: listprimes
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: min
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: max
normalized: and
normalized: arrange
normalized: call
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: player
normalized: gets
normalized: the
normalized: right
normalized: answer
normalized: enter
normalized: prime
normalized: between
normalized: you
normalized: win
normalized: here
normalized: list
normalized: primes
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: libraries
normalized: these
normalized: notes
normalized: are
normalized: meant
normalized: complement
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: warning
normalized: the
normalized: examples
normalized: cited
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: follow
normalized: programming
normalized: style
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: itself
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: define
normalized: any
normalized: particular
normalized: file
normalized: character
normalized: based
normalized: input
normalized: output
normalized: routines
normalized: nor
normalized: any
normalized: windowing
normalized: routines
normalized: unlike
normalized: java
normalized: instead
normalized: any
normalized: program
normalized: may
normalized: provide
normalized: its
normalized: own
normalized: clearly
normalized: this
normalized: daunting
normalized: task
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: provides
normalized: collection
normalized: functions
normalized: perform
normalized: file
normalized: based
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: functions
normalized: provide
normalized: efficient
normalized: buffered
normalized: and
normalized: from
normalized: both
normalized: terminals
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: programs
normalized: requiring
normalized: standard
normalized: should
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: note
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: directive
normalized: simply
normalized: instructs
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: stdio
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: usual
normalized: system
normalized: place
normalized: and
normalized: include
normalized: its
normalized: contents
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: stream
normalized: learn
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: later
normalized: all
normalized: transactions
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: functions
normalized: require
normalized: file
normalized: pointer
normalized: file
normalized: fopen
normalized: file
normalized: dat
normalized: fclose
normalized: although
normalized: file
normalized: pointer
normalized: strictly
normalized: speaking
normalized: pointer
normalized: don
normalized: care
normalized: much
normalized: about
normalized: what
normalized: simply
normalized: pass
normalized: this
normalized: pointer
normalized: functions
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: some
normalized: texts
normalized: will
normalized: refer
normalized: this
normalized: pointer
normalized: file
normalized: stream
normalized: and
normalized: confused
normalized: this
normalized: term
normalized: even
normalized: more
normalized: but
normalized: these
normalized: should
normalized: not
normalized: confused
normalized: with
normalized: nor
normalized: described
normalized: akin
normalized: java
normalized: streams
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: aka
normalized: stdio
normalized: predefines
normalized: three
normalized: file
normalized: pointers
normalized: stdin
normalized: stdout
normalized: and
normalized: stderr
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: already
normalized: opened
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: other
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: executed
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: read
normalized: write
normalized: manipulate
normalized: using
normalized: stdio
normalized: functions
normalized: several
normalized: functions
normalized: are
normalized: provided
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: status
normalized: file
normalized: operations
normalized: given
normalized: file
normalized: pointer
normalized: including
normalized: feof
normalized: checks
normalized: for
normalized: end
normalized: file
normalized: ferror
normalized: checks
normalized: for
normalized: error
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: functions
normalized: all
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: appropriate
normalized: when
normalized: error
normalized: detected
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: file
normalized: fopen
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: null
normalized: error
normalized: message
normalized: else
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: fclose
normalized: the
normalized: preceding
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: embeds
normalized: assignment
normalized: statement
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: condition
normalized: the
normalized: statement
normalized: that
normalized: because
normalized: assignment
normalized: statement
normalized: expression
normalized: that
normalized: itself
normalized: has
normalized: value
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: that
normalized: assigned
normalized: the
normalized: variable
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: hand
normalized: side
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: value
normalized: then
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: outer
normalized: expression
normalized: here
normalized: conditional
normalized: expression
normalized: testing
normalized: equality
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: statement
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: written
normalized: fopen
normalized: etc
normalized: passwd
normalized: null
normalized: but
normalized: such
normalized: construct
normalized: appears
normalized: often
normalized: that
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: often
normalized: combined
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: assignment
normalized: included
normalized: the
normalized: condition
normalized: was
normalized: wrapped
normalized: parentheses
normalized: just
normalized: sure
normalized: that
normalized: treated
normalized: whole
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: hand
normalized: side
normalized: the
normalized: comparison
normalized: operator
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: frequently
normalized: used
normalized: functions
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: perform
normalized: output
normalized: formatted
normalized: data
normalized: also
normalized: see
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: frequent
normalized: use
normalized: acceptance
normalized: functions
normalized: receiving
normalized: variable
normalized: number
normalized: arguments
normalized: fprintf
normalized: file
normalized: char
normalized: format
normalized: arg
normalized: arg
normalized: the
normalized: fprintf
normalized: function
normalized: generalization
normalized: printf
normalized: put
normalized: another
normalized: way
normalized: printf
normalized: format
normalized: arg
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: fprintf
normalized: stdout
normalized: format
normalized: arg
normalized: int
normalized: class
normalized: char
normalized: department
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: fprintf
normalized: course
normalized: department
normalized: class
normalized: many
normalized: standard
normalized: functions
normalized: accept
normalized: format
normalized: specifier
normalized: which
normalized: string
normalized: describing
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: arguments
normalized: are
normalized: interpreted
normalized: this
normalized: mechanism
normalized: contrast
normalized: java
normalized: tostring
normalized: facility
normalized: which
normalized: each
normalized: object
normalized: knows
normalized: how
normalized: output
normalized: display
normalized: itself
normalized: string
normalized: object
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: possible
normalized: format
normalized: specifiers
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: common
normalized: ones
normalized: being
normalized: for
normalized: character
normalized: values
normalized: for
normalized: decimal
normalized: values
normalized: for
normalized: floating
normalized: point
normalized: values
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: character
normalized: strings
normalized: format
normalized: specifiers
normalized: may
normalized: preceded
normalized: number
normalized: format
normalized: modifiers
normalized: which
normalized: may
normalized: further
normalized: specify
normalized: their
normalized: data
normalized: type
normalized: and
normalized: may
normalized: indicate
normalized: the
normalized: width
normalized: the
normalized: required
normalized: output
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: provides
normalized: efficient
normalized: buffering
normalized: this
normalized: means
normalized: that
normalized: although
normalized: appears
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: has
normalized: gone
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: pointer
normalized: may
normalized: still
normalized: held
normalized: within
normalized: internal
normalized: character
normalized: buffer
normalized: the
normalized: library
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: hence
normalized: not
normalized: actually
normalized: written
normalized: the
normalized: hard
normalized: disk
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: until
normalized: more
normalized: output
normalized: accumulated
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: buffer
normalized: becomes
normalized: full
normalized: often
normalized: need
normalized: flush
normalized: our
normalized: output
normalized: allow
normalized: know
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: will
normalized: written
normalized: disk
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: format
normalized: some
normalized: output
normalized: fflush
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: expect
normalized: file
normalized: pointers
normalized: are
normalized: automatically
normalized: flushed
normalized: when
normalized: file
normalized: closed
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: exits
normalized: well
normalized: outputting
normalized: file
normalized: pointers
normalized: may
normalized: also
normalized: perform
normalized: formatted
normalized: output
normalized: character
normalized: array
normalized: string
normalized: with
normalized: very
normalized: similar
normalized: series
normalized: functions
normalized: int
normalized: class
normalized: char
normalized: department
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: char
normalized: buffer
normalized: bufsiz
normalized: sprintf
normalized: buffer
normalized: course
normalized: department
normalized: class
normalized: security
normalized: alert
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: potential
normalized: exposure
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: above
normalized: standard
normalized: library
normalized: may
normalized: also
normalized: used
normalized: input
normalized: values
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: pointers
normalized: and
normalized: character
normalized: arrays
normalized: using
normalized: fscanf
normalized: and
normalized: sscanf
normalized: because
normalized: want
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: variables
normalized: modified
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: functions
normalized: need
normalized: pass
normalized: them
normalized: reference
normalized: which
normalized: accomplished
normalized: passing
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: variables
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: amp
normalized: operator
normalized: fscanf
normalized: format
normalized: amp
normalized: arg
normalized: amp
normalized: arg
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: int
normalized: res
normalized: char
normalized: buffer
normalized: bufsiz
normalized: fscanf
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: res
normalized: sscanf
normalized: buffer
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: res
normalized: talk
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: addresses
normalized: and
normalized: pointers
normalized: couple
normalized: days
normalized: when
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: functions
normalized: must
normalized: pay
normalized: attention
normalized: the
normalized: particular
normalized: return
normalized: values
normalized: from
normalized: those
normalized: functions
normalized: the
normalized: functions
normalized: themselves
normalized: may
normalized: return
normalized: null
normalized: file
normalized: pointers
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: input
normalized: items
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: characters
normalized: written
normalized: special
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: values
normalized: that
normalized: indicate
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: file
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: error
normalized: condition
normalized: always
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: page
normalized: sure
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: special
normalized: return
normalized: values
normalized: have
normalized: constants
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: convenience
normalized: improved
normalized: code
normalized: readability
normalized: and
normalized: consistency
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: sample
normalized: code
normalized: snippets
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: define
normalized: maxline
normalized: int
normalized: sum
normalized: char
normalized: line
normalized: maxline
normalized: for
normalized: fgets
normalized: line
normalized: sizeof
normalized: line
normalized: feof
normalized: break
normalized: process
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: just
normalized: read
normalized: fclose
normalized: for
normalized: numlines
normalized: fopen
normalized: thefile
normalized: feof
normalized: numlines
normalized: fgets
normalized: buffer
normalized: sizeof
normalized: buffer
normalized: sum
normalized: while
normalized: fscanf
normalized: amp
normalized: sum
normalized: fclose
normalized: here
normalized: code
normalized: snippet
normalized: that
normalized: uses
normalized: fopen
normalized: fgets
normalized: strlen
normalized: printf
normalized: sscanf
normalized: and
normalized: fclose
normalized: reads
normalized: frmo
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: into
normalized: character
normalized: array
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: applies
normalized: sscanf
normalized: that
normalized: array
normalized: extract
normalized: information
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: into
normalized: various
normalized: variables
normalized: example
normalized: files
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: code
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: sample
normalized: input
normalized: file
normalized: input
normalized: why
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: gets
normalized: example
normalized: dangerous
normalized: code
normalized: there
normalized: saying
normalized: you
normalized: learn
normalized: from
normalized: your
normalized: mistakes
normalized: make
normalized: lots
normalized: them
normalized: there
normalized: another
normalized: one
normalized: don
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: mistake
normalized: twice
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: stdio
normalized: function
normalized: gets
normalized: mistake
normalized: lots
normalized: programmers
normalized: have
normalized: made
normalized: this
normalized: mistake
normalized: and
normalized: caused
normalized: headaches
normalized: for
normalized: millions
normalized: computer
normalized: users
normalized: around
normalized: the
normalized: world
normalized: the
normalized: lesson
normalized: never
normalized: use
normalized: gets
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: buffer
normalized: overflow
normalized: which
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: named
normalized: really
normalized: bad
normalized: code
normalized: apart
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: gets
normalized: this
normalized: nice
normalized: little
normalized: string
normalized: manipulation
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: uses
normalized: number
normalized: other
normalized: library
normalized: calls
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: interest
normalized: example
normalized: buffer
normalized: overflow
normalized: file
normalized: buffer
normalized: overflow
normalized: description
normalized: this
normalized: bad
normalized: program
normalized: but
normalized: fun
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: idea
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: input
normalized: and
normalized: manipulate
normalized: strings
normalized: using
normalized: arrays
normalized: chars
normalized: fun
normalized: however
normalized: there
normalized: serious
normalized: flaw
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: book
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: gets
normalized: this
normalized: seriously
normalized: dangerous
normalized: function
normalized: call
normalized: don
normalized: use
normalized: revised
normalized: code
normalized: taken
normalized: from
normalized: program
normalized: bronson
normalized: first
normalized: book
normalized: ansi
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: include
normalized: string
normalized: required
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: function
normalized: library
normalized: define
normalized: maxels
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: char
normalized: string
normalized: maxels
normalized: hello
normalized: char
normalized: string
normalized: maxels
normalized: hello
normalized: there
normalized: int
normalized: strcmp
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: equal
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: else
normalized: printf
normalized: greater
normalized: than
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: strlen
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: strlen
normalized: string
normalized: strcat
normalized: string
normalized: there
normalized: world
normalized: printf
normalized: after
normalized: concatenation
normalized: string
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: value
normalized: printf
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: this
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: strlen
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: please
normalized: enter
normalized: line
normalized: text
normalized: for
normalized: string
normalized: max
normalized: characters
normalized: sizeof
normalized: string
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: below
normalized: comment
normalized: and
normalized: uncomment
normalized: the
normalized: gets
normalized: code
normalized: gets
normalized: string
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: below
normalized: comment
normalized: and
normalized: uncomment
normalized: the
normalized: fgets
normalized: code
normalized: segment
normalized: fgets
normalized: string
normalized: sizeof
normalized: string
normalized: stdin
normalized: printf
normalized: thanks
normalized: for
normalized: entering
normalized: string
normalized: strcpy
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: after
normalized: copying
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: value
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: strlen
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: return
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: when
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: first
normalized: with
normalized: gets
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: safer
normalized: fgets
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: with
normalized: gets
normalized: get
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: when
normalized: entering
normalized: characters
normalized: buffer
normalized: overflow
normalized: hello
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: hello
normalized: there
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: after
normalized: concatenation
normalized: string
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: value
normalized: hello
normalized: there
normalized: world
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: this
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: warning
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: uses
normalized: gets
normalized: which
normalized: unsafe
normalized: please
normalized: enter
normalized: line
normalized: text
normalized: for
normalized: string
normalized: max
normalized: characters
normalized: thanks
normalized: for
normalized: entering
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: comment
normalized: out
normalized: gets
normalized: uncomment
normalized: fgets
normalized: and
normalized: recompile
normalized: are
normalized: safe
normalized: buffer
normalized: overflow
normalized: hello
normalized: less
normalized: than
normalized: hello
normalized: there
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: after
normalized: concatenation
normalized: string
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: value
normalized: hello
normalized: there
normalized: world
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: this
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: please
normalized: enter
normalized: line
normalized: text
normalized: for
normalized: string
normalized: max
normalized: characters
normalized: thanks
normalized: for
normalized: entering
normalized: after
normalized: copying
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: value
normalized: string
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: bffff
normalized: the
normalized: starting
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: string
normalized: bffff
normalized: this
normalized: bad
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: basic
normalized: idea
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: accept
normalized: and
normalized: manipulate
normalized: strings
normalized: using
normalized: arrays
normalized: chars
normalized: however
normalized: there
normalized: serious
normalized: flaw
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: some
normalized: older
normalized: books
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: gets
normalized: seriously
normalized: dangerous
normalized: function
normalized: call
normalized: not
normalized: use
normalized: gets
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: defines
normalized: buffer
normalized: chars
normalized: length
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: types
normalized: characters
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: the
normalized: buffer
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: string
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: parameter
normalized: gets
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: which
normalized: pointer
normalized: more
normalized: pointers
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: long
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: impossible
normalized: determine
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: string
normalized: from
normalized: pointer
normalized: alone
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: type
normalized: characters
normalized: including
normalized: the
normalized: newline
normalized: all
normalized: safe
normalized: but
normalized: type
normalized: more
normalized: characters
normalized: over
normalized: run
normalized: overflow
normalized: the
normalized: buffer
normalized: end
normalized: writing
normalized: past
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: this
normalized: overflow
normalized: can
normalized: happen
normalized: even
normalized: without
normalized: calling
normalized: unsafe
normalized: function
normalized: such
normalized: gets
normalized: important
normalized: lesson
normalized: learn
normalized: buffer
normalized: overflows
normalized: can
normalized: have
normalized: rather
normalized: spectacular
normalized: results
normalized: bugs
normalized: often
normalized: happen
normalized: boundary
normalized: conditions
normalized: and
normalized: one
normalized: important
normalized: boundary
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: overwrite
normalized: string
normalized: might
normalized: write
normalized: into
normalized: string
normalized: recall
normalized: that
normalized: convention
normalized: strings
normalized: are
normalized: terminated
normalized: aka
normalized: null
normalized: this
normalized: character
normalized: overwritten
normalized: then
normalized: piece
normalized: code
normalized: operating
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: will
normalized: keep
normalized: scanning
normalized: until
normalized: finds
normalized: run
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: type
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: chars
normalized: did
normalized: above
normalized: anything
normalized: can
normalized: happen
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: could
normalized: work
normalized: with
normalized: visible
normalized: affect
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: immediate
normalized: segfault
normalized: segfault
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: stream
normalized: mistakes
normalized: happen
normalized: unrelated
normalized: functions
normalized: strcat
normalized: our
normalized: code
normalized: some
normalized: books
normalized: use
normalized: gets
normalized: and
normalized: promote
normalized: its
normalized: use
normalized: just
normalized: say
normalized: instead
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: safe
normalized: fgets
normalized: buffer
normalized: safe
normalized: function
normalized: its
normalized: prototype
normalized: char
normalized: fgets
normalized: char
normalized: int
normalized: size
normalized: file
normalized: stream
normalized: requires
normalized: you
normalized: identify
normalized: which
normalized: file
normalized: yes
normalized: but
normalized: more
normalized: importantly
normalized: requires
normalized: you
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: size
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: buffer
normalized: into
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: write
normalized: characters
normalized: fgets
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: write
normalized: more
normalized: characters
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: size
normalized: the
normalized: buffer
normalized: example
normalized: fgets
normalized: buf
normalized: sizeof
normalized: buf
normalized: stdin
normalized: the
normalized: fgets
normalized: function
normalized: shall
normalized: read
normalized: bytes
normalized: from
normalized: stream
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: pointed
normalized: buf
normalized: until
normalized: sizeof
normalized: buf
normalized: bytes
normalized: are
normalized: read
normalized: newline
normalized: read
normalized: and
normalized: transferred
normalized: buf
normalized: end
normalized: file
normalized: condition
normalized: encountered
normalized: the
normalized: string
normalized: then
normalized: terminated
normalized: with
normalized: null
normalized: byte
normalized: replace
normalized: gets
normalized: with
normalized: fgets
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: now
normalized: are
normalized: safe
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: read
normalized: just
normalized: characters
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: one
normalized: time
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: getchar
normalized: but
normalized: remember
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: character
normalized: the
normalized: keyboard
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: hit
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: newline
normalized: character
normalized: also
normalized: the
normalized: stream
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: this
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: example
normalized: getchar
normalized: the
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: interface
normalized: operating
normalized: systems
normalized: such
normalized: unix
normalized: linux
normalized: macos
normalized: and
normalized: windows
normalized: will
normalized: always
normalized: execute
normalized: programs
normalized: calling
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: main
normalized: with
normalized: two
normalized: parameters
normalized: integer
normalized: argument
normalized: count
normalized: argc
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: character
normalized: strings
normalized: argv
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: many
normalized: previous
normalized: examples
normalized: provided
normalized: main
normalized: without
normalized: any
normalized: parameters
normalized: all
normalized: remember
normalized: that
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: length
normalized: and
normalized: types
normalized: parameter
normalized: lists
normalized: functions
normalized: which
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: know
normalized: about
normalized: ones
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: been
normalized: prototyped
normalized: addition
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: main
normalized: has
normalized: special
normalized: significance
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: only
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: requires
normalized: main
normalized: the
normalized: apparent
normalized: starting
normalized: point
normalized: any
normalized: program
normalized: most
normalized: programs
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: will
normalized: look
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: prefer
normalized: declare
normalized: them
normalized: constant
normalized: let
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: help
normalized: avoid
normalized: modifying
normalized: these
normalized: input
normalized: parameters
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: char
normalized: out
normalized: mouthful
normalized: like
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: all
normalized: about
normalized: operator
normalized: precedence
normalized: the
normalized: highest
normalized: precedence
normalized: everything
normalized: variable
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: literals
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: highest
normalized: precedence
normalized: thing
normalized: the
normalized: subscripting
normalized: operator
normalized: about
normalized: halfway
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: operators
normalized: the
normalized: indirection
normalized: operator
normalized: its
normalized: precedence
normalized: lower
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: subscripting
normalized: operator
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: declaration
normalized: read
normalized: argv
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: char
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: program
normalized: prints
normalized: out
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: argv
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: argv
normalized: argv
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: after
normalized: any
normalized: expansion
normalized: subsitutions
normalized: done
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: example
normalized: arguments
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: snippet
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: int
normalized: printf
normalized: items
normalized: were
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: argc
normalized: for
normalized: argc
normalized: printf
normalized: argument
normalized: argv
normalized: flume
normalized: arguments
normalized: two
normalized: items
normalized: were
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: argument
normalized: arguments
normalized: argument
normalized: argument
normalized: two
normalized: argument
normalized: argument
normalized: argument
normalized: flume
normalized: declared
normalized: argv
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: char
normalized: for
normalized: any
normalized: given
normalized: argument
normalized: argv
normalized: one
normalized: those
normalized: pointers
normalized: that
normalized: argv
normalized: type
normalized: char
normalized: can
normalized: pass
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: functions
normalized: like
normalized: printf
normalized: wherever
normalized: expects
normalized: string
normalized: more
normalized: interesting
normalized: snippet
normalized: code
normalized: shows
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: stored
normalized: set
normalized: string
normalized: arguments
normalized: memory
normalized: and
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: location
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: string
normalized: argument
normalized: stored
normalized: the
normalized: argv
normalized: array
normalized: example
normalized: command
normalized: lets
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: snippet
normalized: include
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: int
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: argc
normalized: for
normalized: argc
normalized: printf
normalized: argument
normalized: argv
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: argv
normalized: printf
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: argv
normalized: return
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: output
normalized: note
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: hexadecimal
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: argument
normalized: printed
normalized: out
normalized: too
normalized: flume
normalized: command
normalized: hello
normalized: ready
normalized: skating
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: argument
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: fff
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: argument
normalized: hello
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: fff
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: fff
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: argument
normalized: ready
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: fff
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: fff
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: argument
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: fff
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: argument
normalized: skating
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: stored
normalized: argv
normalized: fff
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: character
normalized: pointed
normalized: there
normalized: flume
normalized: common
normalized: activity
normalized: the
normalized: start
normalized: program
normalized: search
normalized: the
normalized: argument
normalized: list
normalized: for
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: switches
normalized: commencing
normalized: with
normalized: dash
normalized: character
normalized: the
normalized: remaining
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: parameters
normalized: are
normalized: often
normalized: assumed
normalized: filenames
normalized: example
normalized: nosort
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: below
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: sort
normalized: command
normalized: will
normalized: process
normalized: nosort
normalized: nosort
normalized: nosort
normalized: nosort
normalized: any
normalized: variation
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: also
normalized: supported
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: nosort
normalized: run
normalized: example
normalized: defensive
normalized: programming
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: enters
normalized: bad
normalized: option
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: user
normalized: informed
normalized: with
normalized: usage
normalized: message
normalized: tahoe
normalized: nosort
normalized: usage
normalized: bad
normalized: option
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: nosort
normalized: sort
normalized: code
normalized: included
normalized: only
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: parsing
normalized: looks
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: switches
normalized: sort
normalized: supports
normalized: command
normalized: lines
normalized: such
normalized: sort
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: sort
normalized: run
normalized: which
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: need
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: lab
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: int
normalized: unique
normalized: reverse
normalized: numsort
normalized: char
normalized: progname
normalized: progname
normalized: argv
normalized: numsort
normalized: reverse
normalized: unique
normalized: run
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: commands
normalized: looking
normalized: for
normalized: switches
normalized: while
normalized: argc
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: argv
normalized: argv
normalized: the
normalized: actual
normalized: option
normalized: switch
normalized: argv
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: switch
normalized: argv
normalized: reverse
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: switch
normalized: argv
normalized: unique
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: switch
normalized: argv
normalized: numsort
normalized: break
normalized: default
normalized: printf
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: option
normalized: argv
normalized: printf
normalized: usage
normalized: progname
normalized: break
normalized: decrement
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: arguments
normalized: left
normalized: increment
normalized: the
normalized: argv
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: argument
normalized: argc
normalized: argv
normalized: printf
normalized: numsort
normalized: unique
normalized: reverse
normalized: numsort
normalized: unique
normalized: reverse
normalized: other
normalized: processing
normalized: return
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: several
normalized: things
normalized: about
normalized: and
normalized: idioms
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: statement
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: component
normalized: case
normalized: and
normalized: break
normalized: statements
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: argc
normalized: argv
normalized: way
normalized: stepping
normalized: through
normalized: array
normalized: note
normalized: each
normalized: time
normalized: argv
normalized: incremented
normalized: changes
normalized: the
normalized: base
normalized: address
normalized: which
normalized: subscript
normalized: like
normalized: interpreted
normalized: effect
normalized: subscripting
normalized: form
normalized: pointer
normalized: arithmetic
normalized: adding
normalized: the
normalized: necessary
normalized: amount
normalized: the
normalized: base
normalized: pointer
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: address
normalized: the
normalized: relevant
normalized: item
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: more
normalized: that
normalized: when
normalized: discuss
normalized: pointers
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: for
normalized: subscripting
normalized: two
normalized: dimensional
normalized: array
normalized: like
normalized: argv
normalized: note
normalized: argv
normalized: not
normalized: strictly
normalized: speaking
normalized: two
normalized: dimensional
normalized: array
normalized: and
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: strictly
normalized: speaking
normalized: support
normalized: multi
normalized: dimensional
normalized: arrays
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: subscript
normalized: selects
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: char
normalized: pointers
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: pointers
normalized: that
normalized: argv
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: subscript
normalized: selects
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: array
normalized: characters
normalized: which
normalized: that
normalized: pointer
normalized: refers
normalized: getopt
normalized: example
normalized: nosort
normalized: getopt
normalized: another
normalized: way
normalized: process
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: getopt
normalized: library
normalized: function
normalized: which
normalized: specifically
normalized: designed
normalized: help
normalized: parse
normalized: switches
normalized: the
normalized: common
normalized: and
normalized: switch
normalized: formats
normalized: see
normalized: man
normalized: getopt
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: parses
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: switches
normalized: sort
normalized: supports
normalized: command
normalized: lines
normalized: such
normalized: sort
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: sort
normalized: run
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: include
normalized: unistd
normalized: include
normalized: getopt
normalized: how
normalized: did
normalized: know
normalized: include
normalized: this
normalized: man
normalized: getopt
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: argc
normalized: char
normalized: argv
normalized: int
normalized: unique
normalized: reverse
normalized: numsort
normalized: char
normalized: char
normalized: progname
normalized: progname
normalized: argv
normalized: run
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: commands
normalized: looking
normalized: for
normalized: switches
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: handy
normalized: dandy
normalized: getopt
normalized: function
normalized: while
normalized: getopt
normalized: argc
normalized: argv
normalized: run
normalized: switch
normalized: while
normalized: argc
normalized: amp
normalized: amp
normalized: argv
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: switch
normalized: reverse
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: switch
normalized: unique
normalized: break
normalized: case
normalized: printf
normalized: switch
normalized: numsort
normalized: break
normalized: default
normalized: printf
normalized: error
normalized: bad
normalized: option
normalized: printf
normalized: usage
normalized: progname
normalized: break
normalized: printf
normalized: numsort
normalized: unique
normalized: reverse
normalized: numsort
normalized: unique
normalized: reverse
normalized: other
normalized: processing
normalized: return
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: strings
normalized: are
normalized: arrays
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: strings
normalized: are
normalized: arrays
normalized: string
normalized: actually
normalized: array
normalized: characters
normalized: which
normalized: convention
normalized: terminated
normalized: null
normalized: character
normalized: examine
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: overflow
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: buflen
normalized: char
normalized: buf
normalized: buflen
normalized: char
normalized: buf
normalized: buflen
normalized: int
normalized: example
normalized: printf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: example
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: assign
normalized: constant
normalized: each
normalized: buffer
normalized: strcpy
normalized: buf
normalized: hello
normalized: like
normalized: buf
normalized: hello
normalized: printf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: example
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: strcpy
normalized: buf
normalized: class
normalized: like
normalized: buf
normalized: class
normalized: printf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: example
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: assign
normalized: longer
normalized: constant
normalized: each
normalized: buffer
normalized: strcpy
normalized: buf
normalized: hellohellohello
normalized: characters
normalized: printf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: example
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: strcpy
normalized: buf
normalized: class
normalized: class
normalized: class
normalized: characters
normalized: printf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: example
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: putchar
normalized: for
normalized: int
normalized: buflen
normalized: printf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: return
normalized: explain
normalized: its
normalized: output
normalized: below
normalized: which
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: expected
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: hello
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: hello
normalized: buf
normalized: class
normalized: buf
normalized: hellohellohello
normalized: buf
normalized: class
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: class
normalized: class
normalized: class
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: buf
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: pointers
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: pointers
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: stringcopy
normalized: excerpted
normalized: below
normalized: buggy
normalized: and
normalized: triggers
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: when
normalized: run
normalized: mac
normalized: explain
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: notation
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: parameters
normalized: explain
normalized: the
normalized: pointer
normalized: notation
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: conditional
normalized: explain
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: inside
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: why
normalized: there
normalized: assignment
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: loop
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: main
normalized: what
normalized: might
normalized: wrong
normalized: inside
normalized: stringcopy
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: char
normalized: src
normalized: computer
normalized: science
normalized: char
normalized: dest
normalized: abc
normalized: copy
normalized: src
normalized: dest
normalized: and
normalized: print
normalized: them
normalized: out
normalized: stringcopy
normalized: src
normalized: dest
normalized: printf
normalized: src
normalized: src
normalized: printf
normalized: dest
normalized: dest
normalized: return
normalized: stringcopy
normalized: copy
normalized: string
normalized: from
normalized: source
normalized: destination
normalized: void
normalized: stringcopy
normalized: char
normalized: char
normalized: while
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: malloc
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: malloc
normalized: starting
normalized: with
normalized: names
normalized: replace
normalized: the
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: end
normalized: main
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: lazy
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: free
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: with
normalized: loop
normalized: that
normalized: calls
normalized: free
normalized: every
normalized: malloc
normalized: pointer
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: malloc
normalized: memory
normalized: free
normalized: careful
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: modular
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: modular
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: grab
normalized: classroom
normalized: demo
normalized: code
normalized: demo
normalized: names
normalized: demo
normalized: readlinep
normalized: and
normalized: work
normalized: pairs
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: keeps
normalized: track
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: items
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: modify
normalized: struct
normalized: bag
normalized: include
normalized: counter
normalized: bag
normalized: new
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: counter
normalized: bag
normalized: insert
normalized: increment
normalized: the
normalized: counter
normalized: bag
normalized: extract
normalized: decrement
normalized: the
normalized: counter
normalized: bag
normalized: print
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: counter
normalized: compiling
normalized: mygcc
normalized: names
normalized: readlinep
normalized: names
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: extra
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: extra
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: written
normalized: charles
normalized: palmer
normalized: with
normalized: examples
normalized: from
normalized: ira
normalized: jenkins
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: updated
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: concept
normalized: recall
normalized: the
normalized: compilation
normalized: process
normalized: discussed
normalized: earlier
normalized: class
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: such
normalized: weather
normalized: and
normalized: mycurl
normalized: are
normalized: compiled
normalized: into
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: such
normalized: weather
normalized: and
normalized: mycurl
normalized: respectively
normalized: each
normalized: object
normalized: file
normalized: contains
normalized: compiled
normalized: system
normalized: dependent
normalized: representation
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: phase
normalized: the
normalized: compilation
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: links
normalized: the
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: together
normalized: resolve
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: calls
normalized: and
normalized: global
normalized: variable
normalized: references
normalized: between
normalized: them
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: does
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: with
normalized: any
normalized: needed
normalized: library
normalized: functions
normalized: and
normalized: variables
normalized: and
normalized: produces
normalized: executable
normalized: when
normalized: invoked
normalized: the
normalized: loader
normalized: may
normalized: then
normalized: load
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: into
normalized: memory
normalized: ready
normalized: run
normalized: until
normalized: now
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: typing
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: gcc
normalized: command
normalized: lines
normalized: build
normalized: and
normalized: executable
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: weather
normalized: weather
normalized: mycurl
normalized: more
normalized: specifically
normalized: with
normalized: our
normalized: alias
normalized: mygcc
normalized: mygcc
normalized: weather
normalized: weather
normalized: mycurl
normalized: from
normalized: now
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: better
normalized: method
normalized: for
normalized: building
normalized: systems
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: software
normalized: which
normalized: automates
normalized: the
normalized: building
normalized: software
normalized: systems
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: essentially
normalized: command
normalized: generator
normalized: you
normalized: provide
normalized: with
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: describes
normalized: the
normalized: interdependencies
normalized: among
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: build
normalized: particular
normalized: target
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: executable
normalized: other
normalized: kind
normalized: file
normalized: doesn
normalized: have
normalized: executable
normalized: make
normalized: builds
normalized: dependency
normalized: tree
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: requested
normalized: target
normalized: depends
normalized: determines
normalized: whether
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: have
normalized: changed
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: issues
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: shown
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: will
normalized: bring
normalized: any
normalized: dependent
normalized: files
normalized: date
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: itself
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: view
normalized: the
normalized: gnu
normalized: documentation
normalized: for
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: manual
normalized: pages
normalized: for
normalized: make
normalized: steve
normalized: talbot
normalized: oldie
normalized: but
normalized: goodie
normalized: book
normalized: managing
normalized: projects
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: which
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: updated
normalized: robert
normalized: mecklenburg
normalized: for
normalized: gnu
normalized: make
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: variety
normalized: online
normalized: tutorials
normalized: for
normalized: make
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: note
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: three
normalized: popular
normalized: make
normalized: like
normalized: utilities
normalized: for
normalized: java
normalized: programs
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: encounter
normalized: ant
normalized: maven
normalized: and
normalized: gradle
normalized: they
normalized: share
normalized: many
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: ideas
normalized: make
normalized: but
normalized: with
normalized: decidedly
normalized: java
normalized: orientation
normalized: the
normalized: bottom
normalized: line
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: build
normalized: java
normalized: systems
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: but
normalized: these
normalized: java
normalized: specific
normalized: alternatives
normalized: are
normalized: generally
normalized: faster
normalized: and
normalized: offer
normalized: more
normalized: options
normalized: makefile
normalized: basics
normalized: makefile
normalized: which
normalized: plain
normalized: text
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: interprets
normalized: describe
normalized: set
normalized: rules
normalized: that
normalized: capture
normalized: the
normalized: various
normalized: actions
normalized: that
normalized: must
normalized: performed
normalized: build
normalized: target
normalized: targets
normalized: can
normalized: specific
normalized: files
normalized: most
normalized: commonly
normalized: executable
normalized: library
normalized: documentation
normalized: etc
normalized: more
normalized: abstract
normalized: thing
normalized: such
normalized: specific
normalized: system
normalized: state
normalized: software
normalized: repository
normalized: inquiries
normalized: any
normalized: sequence
normalized: commands
normalized: these
normalized: rules
normalized: are
normalized: captured
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: typically
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: directory
normalized: before
normalized: describe
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: tool
normalized: and
normalized: give
normalized: some
normalized: examples
normalized: makefile
normalized: lets
normalized: talk
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: reasons
normalized: for
normalized: moving
normalized: more
normalized: formal
normalized: tool
normalized: for
normalized: compiling
normalized: and
normalized: linking
normalized: our
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: first
normalized: tedious
normalized: keep
normalized: typing
normalized: out
normalized: list
normalized: files
normalized: maybe
normalized: large
normalized: number
normalized: files
normalized: upon
normalized: which
normalized: several
normalized: programs
normalized: such
normalized: compilers
normalized: and
normalized: linkers
normalized: need
normalized: operate
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: automates
normalized: the
normalized: compilation
normalized: and
normalized: linking
normalized: process
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: you
normalized: specify
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: make
normalized: your
normalized: project
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: they
normalized: fit
normalized: together
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: takes
normalized: care
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: the
normalized: key
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: that
normalized: determines
normalized: any
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: typically
normalized: and
normalized: files
normalized: have
normalized: changed
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: build
normalized: where
normalized: build
normalized: here
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: executable
normalized: that
normalized: would
normalized: created
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: file
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: make
normalized: build
normalized: depends
normalized: any
normalized: files
normalized: which
normalized: have
normalized: been
normalized: updated
normalized: make
normalized: then
normalized: ensures
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: recompiled
normalized: here
normalized: example
normalized: such
normalized: dependency
normalized: tree
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: the
normalized: tree
normalized: represents
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: myapp
normalized: which
normalized: depends
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: below
normalized: and
normalized: they
normalized: turn
normalized: depend
normalized: upon
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: below
normalized: them
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: the
normalized: ovals
normalized: represent
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: created
normalized: using
normalized: editor
normalized: downloaded
normalized: from
normalized: github
normalized: received
normalized: from
normalized: another
normalized: programmer
normalized: the
normalized: rectangles
normalized: represent
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: some
normalized: processing
normalized: that
normalized: performed
normalized: upon
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: generated
normalized: files
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: extension
normalized: result
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: being
normalized: run
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: might
normalized: use
normalized: file
normalized: some
normalized: files
normalized: might
normalized: include
normalized: several
normalized: files
normalized: because
normalized: uses
normalized: functions
normalized: defined
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: addition
normalized: file
normalized: might
normalized: call
normalized: functions
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: kept
normalized: common
normalized: library
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: will
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: library
normalized: when
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: changes
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: determine
normalized: which
normalized: ones
normalized: needs
normalized: recompiled
normalized: bring
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: date
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: hash
normalized: changes
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: depend
normalized: must
normalized: rebuilt
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: those
normalized: would
normalized: myapp
normalized: and
normalized: hash
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: myapp
normalized: itself
normalized: this
normalized: both
normalized: efficient
normalized: and
normalized: can
normalized: save
normalized: significant
normalized: amount
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: lecturer
normalized: has
normalized: worked
normalized: many
normalized: projects
normalized: where
normalized: complete
normalized: rebuild
normalized: for
normalized: large
normalized: project
normalized: took
normalized: several
normalized: hours
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: find
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: recompiling
normalized: project
normalized: every
normalized: few
normalized: minutes
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: enhancements
normalized: and
normalized: fixes
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: making
normalized: clearly
normalized: good
normalized: goal
normalized: developers
normalized: large
normalized: project
normalized: only
normalized: recompile
normalized: the
normalized: necessary
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: waste
normalized: time
normalized: recompiling
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: not
normalized: changed
normalized: have
normalized: dependencies
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: have
normalized: changed
normalized: how
normalized: translate
normalized: this
normalized: dependency
normalized: tree
normalized: into
normalized: something
normalized: make
normalized: can
normalized: handle
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: uses
normalized: files
normalized: called
normalized: makefiles
normalized: guide
normalized: its
normalized: work
normalized: can
normalized: describe
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: dependency
normalized: tree
normalized: makefile
normalized: makefile
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: utildir
normalized: util
normalized: utilflag
normalized: ltseutil
normalized: utillib
normalized: utildir
normalized: libmylib
normalized: utilc
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: utilh
normalized: utilc
normalized: luckily
normalized: make
normalized: has
normalized: comments
normalized: too
normalized: myapp
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: utillib
normalized: cflags
normalized: myapp
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: lmylib
normalized: myapp
normalized: myapp
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: mylib
normalized: cflags
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: html
normalized: html
normalized: cflags
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: mylib
normalized: cflags
normalized: hash
normalized: utillib
normalized: utilc
normalized: utilh
normalized: utildir
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: myapp
normalized: utildir
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: includes
normalized: number
normalized: variable
normalized: definitions
normalized: and
normalized: dependency
normalized: rules
normalized: variables
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: define
normalized: list
normalized: directories
normalized: search
normalized: set
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: and
normalized: options
normalized: use
normalized: etc
normalized: make
normalized: rules
normalized: can
normalized: very
normalized: simple
normalized: include
normalized: complicated
normalized: collections
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: supports
normalized: defined
normalized: variables
normalized: conditionals
normalized: and
normalized: some
normalized: other
normalized: very
normalized: sophisticated
normalized: features
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: lots
normalized: things
normalized: going
normalized: here
normalized: first
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: some
normalized: make
normalized: macro
normalized: constant
normalized: definitions
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: used
normalized: and
normalized: defaults
normalized: gcc
normalized: this
normalized: case
normalized: gcc
normalized: defined
normalized: cflags
normalized: defines
normalized: set
normalized: options
normalized: passed
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: source
normalized: file
normalized: compilation
normalized: our
normalized: case
normalized: specify
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: options
normalized: have
normalized: used
normalized: throughout
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: could
normalized: also
normalized: specify
normalized: other
normalized: options
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: path
normalized: include
normalized: standard
normalized: directories
normalized: debugging
normalized: ggdb
normalized: wish
normalized: utildir
normalized: defines
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: utility
normalized: library
normalized: maintained
normalized: utilflag
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: give
normalized: gcc
normalized: link
normalized: with
normalized: that
normalized: library
normalized: utilc
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: compiled
normalized: into
normalized: that
normalized: library
normalized: utilh
normalized: defines
normalized: via
normalized: very
normalized: tricky
normalized: macro
normalized: expansion
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: library
normalized: similar
normalized: the
normalized: shell
normalized: these
normalized: macros
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: specifying
normalized: their
normalized: name
normalized: within
normalized: and
normalized: after
normalized: those
normalized: definitions
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: specifications
normalized: the
normalized: strings
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: targets
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: things
normalized: that
normalized: this
normalized: makefile
normalized: can
normalized: produce
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: files
normalized: other
normalized: targets
normalized: upon
normalized: which
normalized: that
normalized: target
normalized: depends
normalized: after
normalized: that
normalized: target
normalized: and
normalized: dependency
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: lines
normalized: that
normalized: begin
normalized: with
normalized: tab
normalized: character
normalized: are
normalized: executed
normalized: order
normalized: bring
normalized: that
normalized: target
normalized: date
normalized: yes
normalized: the
normalized: tab
normalized: character
normalized: little
normalized: annoying
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: way
normalized: author
normalized: expressed
normalized: well
normalized: the
normalized: entry
normalized: for
normalized: make
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: used
normalized: make
normalized: gives
normalized: tab
normalized: whitespace
normalized: character
normalized: different
normalized: meaning
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: space
normalized: character
normalized: this
normalized: problematic
normalized: since
normalized: there
normalized: usually
normalized: visual
normalized: difference
normalized: between
normalized: tab
normalized: and
normalized: number
normalized: space
normalized: characters
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: syntax
normalized: make
normalized: often
normalized: subject
normalized: criticism
normalized: citation
normalized: http
normalized: wikipedia
normalized: org
normalized: you
normalized: cut
normalized: and
normalized: paste
normalized: makefile
normalized: from
normalized: these
normalized: html
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: into
normalized: editor
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: have
normalized: problems
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: tab
normalized: characters
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: execute
normalized: correctly
normalized: instead
normalized: you
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: supplied
normalized: link
normalized: and
normalized: download
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: will
normalized: arrive
normalized: intact
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: makefiles
normalized: presented
normalized: here
normalized: actions
normalized: start
normalized: with
normalized: tab
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: spaces
normalized: all
normalized: other
normalized: formatting
normalized: uses
normalized: single
normalized: spaces
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: directory
normalized: makefile
normalized: and
normalized: enter
normalized: make
normalized: with
normalized: parameters
normalized: the
normalized: utility
normalized: will
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: target
normalized: reads
normalized: and
normalized: out
normalized: date
normalized: try
normalized: execute
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: specified
normalized: let
normalized: have
normalized: example
normalized: suppose
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: file
normalized: has
normalized: changed
normalized: since
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: time
normalized: myapp
normalized: was
normalized: built
normalized: then
normalized: myapp
normalized: out
normalized: date
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: directory
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: simply
normalized: run
normalized: make
normalized: and
normalized: these
normalized: commands
normalized: will
normalized: executed
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: hash
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: myapp
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: lmylib
normalized: any
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: make
normalized: executing
normalized: exits
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: return
normalized: code
normalized: make
normalized: will
normalized: then
normalized: erase
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: target
normalized: was
normalized: working
normalized: issue
normalized: message
normalized: exit
normalized: with
normalized: non
normalized: zero
normalized: return
normalized: code
normalized: without
normalized: trying
normalized: build
normalized: anything
normalized: else
normalized: often
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: see
normalized: other
normalized: uses
normalized: macros
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: here
normalized: another
normalized: sample
normalized: makefile
normalized: which
normalized: variation
normalized: the
normalized: previous
normalized: example
normalized: makefile
normalized: makefile
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: utildir
normalized: util
normalized: utilflag
normalized: lmylib
normalized: utillib
normalized: utildir
normalized: libmylib
normalized: utilc
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: comments
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: utildir
normalized: file
normalized: utilh
normalized: utilc
normalized: project
normalized: details
normalized: exec
normalized: myapp
normalized: objs
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: srcs
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: myapp
normalized: html
normalized: hash
normalized: luckily
normalized: make
normalized: has
normalized: comments
normalized: too
normalized: exec
normalized: objs
normalized: utillib
normalized: cflags
normalized: exec
normalized: objs
normalized: utilflag
normalized: objs
normalized: srcs
normalized: cflags
normalized: srcs
normalized: debug
normalized: srcs
normalized: cflags
normalized: ggdb
normalized: srcs
normalized: cflags
normalized: ggdb
normalized: exec
normalized: objs
normalized: utilflag
normalized: utillib
normalized: utilc
normalized: utilh
normalized: utildir
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: myapp
normalized: utildir
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: here
normalized: see
normalized: some
normalized: new
normalized: macros
normalized: being
normalized: used
normalized: exec
normalized: which
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: file
normalized: srcs
normalized: which
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: objs
normalized: which
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: default
normalized: action
normalized: when
normalized: simply
normalized: typing
normalized: make
normalized: builds
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: target
normalized: finds
normalized: namely
normalized: the
normalized: myapp
normalized: executable
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: types
normalized: make
normalized: debug
normalized: then
normalized: make
normalized: will
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: target
normalized: myapp
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: ggdb
normalized: options
normalized: which
normalized: allows
normalized: the
normalized: gnu
normalized: debugger
normalized: gdb
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: makefile
normalized: above
normalized: defines
normalized: the
normalized: set
normalized: rules
normalized: and
normalized: dependencies
normalized: follow
normalized: order
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: executable
normalized: myapp
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: exec
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: the
normalized: objs
normalized: get
normalized: the
normalized: objs
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: the
normalized: srcs
normalized: another
normalized: common
normalized: target
normalized: defined
normalized: makefiles
normalized: clean
normalized: example
normalized: target
normalized: that
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: result
normalized: new
normalized: file
normalized: being
normalized: created
normalized: updated
normalized: here
normalized: the
normalized: clean
normalized: target
normalized: has
normalized: dependencies
normalized: and
normalized: thus
normalized: can
normalized: thought
normalized: always
normalized: out
normalized: date
normalized: you
normalized: enter
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: will
normalized: skip
normalized: the
normalized: clean
normalized: target
normalized: and
normalized: seeing
normalized: dependencies
normalized: proceed
normalized: directly
normalized: the
normalized: associated
normalized: commands
normalized: the
normalized: idea
normalized: clean
normalized: target
normalized: good
normalized: one
normalized: but
normalized: surprisingly
normalized: hard
normalized: get
normalized: right
normalized: often
normalized: the
normalized: case
normalized: with
normalized: software
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: little
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: get
normalized: created
normalized: here
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: and
normalized: often
normalized: developer
normalized: will
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: targets
normalized: and
normalized: dependencies
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: without
normalized: checking
normalized: see
normalized: also
normalized: needs
normalized: update
normalized: the
normalized: clean
normalized: target
normalized: commands
normalized: this
normalized: example
normalized: usman
normalized: law
normalized: one
normalized: solution
normalized: this
normalized: challenge
normalized: described
normalized: there
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: pitfalls
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: the
normalized: best
normalized: way
normalized: not
normalized: have
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: reliable
normalized: method
normalized: follows
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: makefile
normalized: must
normalized: write
normalized: its
normalized: output
normalized: sub
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: make
normalized: clean
normalized: you
normalized: one
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: delete
normalized: the
normalized: entire
normalized: hierarchy
normalized: then
normalized: make
normalized: again
normalized: you
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: directory
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: sources
normalized: enter
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: make
normalized: make
normalized: command
normalized: usage
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: arguments
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: with
normalized: make
normalized: see
normalized: all
normalized: them
normalized: use
normalized: man
normalized: make
normalized: file
normalized: use
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: produce
normalized: debugging
normalized: information
normalized: while
normalized: running
normalized: while
normalized: particular
normalized: target
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: things
normalized: that
normalized: depend
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: failed
normalized: continue
normalized: trying
normalized: make
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: dependencies
normalized: these
normalized: targets
normalized: anyway
normalized: determine
normalized: which
normalized: commands
normalized: need
normalized: run
normalized: but
normalized: don
normalized: actually
normalized: execute
normalized: any
normalized: them
normalized: just
normalized: print
normalized: them
normalized: unconditionally
normalized: make
normalized: all
normalized: targets
normalized: how
normalized: does
normalized: make
normalized: respond
normalized: assuming
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: errors
normalized: your
normalized: makefile
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: invoke
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: one
normalized: four
normalized: things
normalized: will
normalized: happen
normalized: when
normalized: has
normalized: nothing
normalized: make
normalized: responds
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: and
normalized: halts
normalized: target
normalized: date
normalized: bunch
normalized: commands
normalized: are
normalized: executed
normalized: try
normalized: what
normalized: you
normalized: asked
normalized: continuing
normalized: until
normalized: either
normalized: error
normalized: occurs
normalized: compile
normalized: error
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: are
normalized: executed
normalized: when
normalized: doesn
normalized: know
normalized: what
normalized: make
normalized: responds
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: and
normalized: halts
normalized: don
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: some
normalized: target
normalized: sometimes
normalized: make
normalized: can
normalized: decide
normalized: what
normalized: responds
normalized: with
normalized: nothing
normalized: this
normalized: usually
normalized: due
normalized: missing
normalized: component
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: target
normalized: main
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: enter
normalized: make
normalized: target
normalized: make
normalized: will
normalized: try
normalized: find
normalized: some
normalized: way
normalized: check
normalized: main
normalized: date
normalized: guess
normalized: how
normalized: make
normalized: main
normalized: depends
normalized: upon
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: doesn
normalized: exist
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: main
normalized: does
normalized: exist
normalized: target
normalized: either
normalized: doesn
normalized: exist
normalized: out
normalized: date
normalized: with
normalized: respect
normalized: main
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: command
normalized: will
normalized: either
normalized: remain
normalized: totally
normalized: silent
normalized: old
normalized: systems
normalized: respond
normalized: with
normalized: something
normalized: like
normalized: make
normalized: rule
normalized: make
normalized: target
normalized: mainline
normalized: needed
normalized: target
normalized: stop
normalized: more
normalized: macros
normalized: any
normalized: symbol
normalized: that
normalized: defined
normalized: makefile
normalized: like
normalized: this
normalized: name
normalized: value
normalized: called
normalized: macro
normalized: once
normalized: defined
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: expand
normalized: them
normalized: using
normalized: name
normalized: any
normalized: environment
normalized: variables
normalized: that
normalized: were
normalized: set
normalized: prior
normalized: your
normalized: running
normalized: make
normalized: are
normalized: automatically
normalized: made
normalized: available
normalized: during
normalized: the
normalized: execution
normalized: make
normalized: makefile
normalized: makefile
normalized: top
normalized: middle
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: middle
normalized: whoami
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: the
normalized: middle
normalized: whoami
normalized: echo
normalized: make
normalized: invoked
normalized: user
normalized: user
normalized: running
normalized: shell
normalized: shell
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: make
normalized: makefile
normalized: make
normalized: invoked
normalized: user
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: running
normalized: shell
normalized: bin
normalized: building
normalized: the
normalized: middle
normalized: building
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: utility
normalized: also
normalized: provides
normalized: some
normalized: useful
normalized: builtin
normalized: macros
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: target
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: dependencies
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: newer
normalized: than
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: target
normalized: echo
normalized: working
normalized: due
normalized: updates
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: touch
normalized: target
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: touch
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: make
normalized: makefile
normalized: working
normalized: target
normalized: due
normalized: updates
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: note
normalized: course
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: doesn
normalized: necessarily
normalized: represent
normalized: file
normalized: but
normalized: using
normalized: touch
normalized: target
normalized: force
normalized: creation
normalized: empty
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: timestamp
normalized: directory
normalized: path
normalized: file
normalized: name
normalized: target
normalized: echo
normalized: working
normalized: due
normalized: updates
normalized: echo
normalized: dollar
normalized: with
normalized: echo
normalized: dollar
normalized: with
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: touch
normalized: target
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: touch
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: make
normalized: makefile
normalized: working
normalized: target
normalized: due
normalized: updates
normalized: dollar
normalized: with
normalized: dollar
normalized: with
normalized: target
normalized: ccpalmer
normalized: swamp
normalized: suffix
normalized: rules
normalized: further
normalized: reduce
normalized: the
normalized: complexity
normalized: your
normalized: makefiles
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: make
normalized: suffix
normalized: rules
normalized: suffix
normalized: this
normalized: context
normalized: talking
normalized: about
normalized: filetypes
normalized: extensions
normalized: etc
normalized: these
normalized: rules
normalized: are
normalized: defined
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: and
normalized: show
normalized: default
normalized: way
normalized: making
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: one
normalized: suffix
normalized: into
normalized: file
normalized: with
normalized: another
normalized: suffix
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: have
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: makefiles
normalized: some
normalized: suffix
normalized: rules
normalized: like
normalized: these
normalized: suffixes
normalized: cflags
normalized: asflags
normalized: the
normalized: suffixes
normalized: line
normalized: identifies
normalized: which
normalized: suffixes
normalized: make
normalized: should
normalized: consider
normalized: special
normalized: after
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: lines
normalized: with
normalized: two
normalized: suffixes
normalized: target
normalized: followed
normalized: statements
normalized: how
normalized: turn
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: suffix
normalized: into
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: essence
normalized: these
normalized: suffix
normalized: rules
normalized: provide
normalized: default
normalized: means
normalized: producing
normalized: one
normalized: kind
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: another
normalized: these
normalized: defaults
normalized: are
normalized: sufficient
normalized: you
normalized: won
normalized: need
normalized: define
normalized: specific
normalized: targets
normalized: for
normalized: these
normalized: targets
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: also
normalized: some
normalized: more
normalized: builtin
normalized: macros
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: only
normalized: available
normalized: suffix
normalized: rules
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: dependency
normalized: file
normalized: derived
normalized: selected
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: with
normalized: implicit
normalized: rule
normalized: the
normalized: basename
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: target
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: target
normalized: without
normalized: its
normalized: suffix
normalized: more
normalized: cool
normalized: make
normalized: ideas
normalized: from
normalized: ask
normalized: make
normalized: ccp
normalized: amp
normalized: others
normalized: printing
normalized: out
normalized: make
normalized: variables
normalized: sometimes
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: know
normalized: what
normalized: while
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: being
normalized: run
normalized: easy
normalized: way
normalized: print
normalized: out
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: add
normalized: the
normalized: rule
normalized: myvar
normalized: target
normalized: echo
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: echo
normalized: myvar
normalized: print
normalized: echo
normalized: tahoe
normalized: make
normalized: mak
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: tahoe
normalized: make
normalized: mak
normalized: print
normalized: myvar
normalized: myvar
normalized: tahoe
normalized: special
normalized: capabilities
normalized: dont
normalized: forget
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: include
normalized: shell
normalized: commands
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: makefiles
normalized: can
normalized: invoke
normalized: other
normalized: makefiles
normalized: makefiles
normalized: can
normalized: create
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: makefiles
normalized: for
normalized: system
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: postfix
normalized: project
normalized: for
normalized: excellent
normalized: example
normalized: non
normalized: compilation
normalized: makefiles
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: makefiles
normalized: solve
normalized: many
normalized: your
normalized: daily
normalized: challenges
normalized: involving
normalized: sequences
normalized: dependent
normalized: actions
normalized: running
normalized: test
normalized: shell
normalized: scripts
normalized: during
normalized: development
normalized: and
normalized: regression
normalized: testing
normalized: will
normalized: this
normalized: creating
normalized: documents
normalized: with
normalized: latex
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: example
normalized: maintaining
normalized: webpages
normalized: staging
normalized: and
normalized: live
normalized: directories
normalized: including
normalized: verifying
normalized: accessibility
normalized: compliance
normalized: style
normalized: rules
normalized: etc
normalized: automated
normalized: documentation
normalized: generation
normalized: including
normalized: literate
normalized: programming
normalized: sourcecode
normalized: management
normalized: large
normalized: example
normalized: makefile
normalized: here
normalized: are
normalized: some
normalized: excerpts
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: use
normalized: build
normalized: test
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: our
normalized: server
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: app
normalized: server
normalized: author
normalized: ira
normalized: ray
normalized: jenkins
normalized: date
normalized: sun
normalized: may
normalized: note
normalized: gnumake
normalized: assumed
normalized: directories
normalized: inc
normalized: dir
normalized: src
normalized: dir
normalized: src
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: build
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: bin
normalized: tst
normalized: dir
normalized: test
normalized: compiler
normalized: and
normalized: flags
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: std
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: libs
normalized: lcrypto
normalized: lgd
normalized: incs
normalized: inc
normalized: dir
normalized: src
normalized: dir
normalized: what
normalized: doing
normalized: hdr
normalized: inc
normalized: dir
normalized: app
normalized: src
normalized: app
normalized: file
normalized: hash
normalized: genstack
normalized: obj
normalized: patsubst
normalized: src
normalized: dir
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: src
normalized: bin
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: appd
normalized: tst
normalized: bins
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: app
normalized: test
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: test
normalized: these
normalized: targets
normalized: not
normalized: produce
normalized: real
normalized: targets
normalized: phony
normalized: clean
normalized: setup
normalized: test
normalized: server
normalized: start
normalized: server
normalized: stop
normalized: server
normalized: client
normalized: start
normalized: client
normalized: stop
normalized: client
normalized: ignore
normalized: errors
normalized: from
normalized: these
normalized: targets
normalized: ignore
normalized: stop
normalized: server
normalized: default
normalized: target
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: bin
normalized: setup
normalized: obj
normalized: hdr
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cflags
normalized: incs
normalized: obj
normalized: libs
normalized: app
normalized: test
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: app
normalized: test
normalized: setup
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: app
normalized: test
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: file
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: hdr
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cflags
normalized: incs
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: app
normalized: test
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: file
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: libs
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: app
normalized: test
normalized: genstack
normalized: test
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: test
normalized: setup
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: test
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: hdr
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cflags
normalized: incs
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: test
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: libs
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: genstack
normalized: test
normalized: appc
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: appc
normalized: setup
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: appc
normalized: hdr
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cflags
normalized: incs
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: appc
normalized: libs
normalized: general
normalized: rule
normalized: for
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: src
normalized: dir
normalized: src
normalized: dir
normalized: hdr
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cflags
normalized: incs
normalized: libs
normalized: echo
normalized: general
normalized: rule
normalized: for
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: src
normalized: dir
normalized: hdr
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cflags
normalized: incs
normalized: libs
normalized: echo
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: tst
normalized: dir
normalized: hdr
normalized: echo
normalized: building
normalized: cflags
normalized: incs
normalized: libs
normalized: echo
normalized: test
normalized: tst
normalized: bins
normalized: client
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: appc
normalized: start
normalized: client
normalized: client
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: appc
normalized: pierce
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: stop
normalized: client
normalized: killall
normalized: appc
normalized: server
normalized: bin
normalized: start
normalized: server
normalized: bin
normalized: bin
normalized: amp
normalized: stop
normalized: server
normalized: killall
normalized: appd
normalized: setup
normalized: mkdir
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: mkdir
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: clean
normalized: the
normalized: directories
normalized: clean
normalized: stop
normalized: server
normalized: core
normalized: png
normalized: bld
normalized: dir
normalized: bin
normalized: dir
normalized: test
normalized: log
normalized: log
normalized: notes
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: normally
normalized: make
normalized: will
normalized: echo
normalized: each
normalized: command
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: screen
normalized: preceding
normalized: command
normalized: with
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: prevent
normalized: this
normalized: echoing
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: normally
normalized: patsubst
normalized: changes
normalized: strings
normalized: that
normalized: match
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: arg
normalized: into
normalized: strings
normalized: that
normalized: look
normalized: like
normalized: the
normalized: second
normalized: arg
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: third
normalized: arg
normalized: providing
normalized: the
normalized: list
normalized: strings
normalized: gnumake
normalized: phony
normalized: provides
normalized: list
normalized: targets
normalized: that
normalized: don
normalized: correspond
normalized: actual
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: using
normalized: this
normalized: directive
normalized: makefile
normalized: with
normalized: target
normalized: clean
normalized: then
normalized: even
normalized: there
normalized: file
normalized: named
normalized: clean
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: will
normalized: not
normalized: considered
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: clean
normalized: target
normalized: will
normalized: made
normalized: when
normalized: needed
normalized: requested
normalized: ignore
normalized: provides
normalized: list
normalized: targets
normalized: for
normalized: which
normalized: errors
normalized: should
normalized: ignored
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: extra
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: extra
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: few
normalized: lines
normalized: typically
normalized: near
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: program
normalized: begin
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: character
normalized: aka
normalized: hash
normalized: pound
normalized: sharp
normalized: these
normalized: lines
normalized: are
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: directives
normalized: and
normalized: are
normalized: actually
normalized: instructions
normalized: directives
normalized: special
normalized: program
normalized: called
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: its
normalized: name
normalized: suggests
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: processes
normalized: the
normalized: text
normalized: program
normalized: before
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: sees
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: directives
normalized: all
normalized: beginning
normalized: with
normalized: should
normalized: begin
normalized: column
normalized: the
normalized: column
normalized: any
normalized: source
normalized: line
normalized: which
normalized: they
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: very
normalized: powerful
normalized: but
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: only
normalized: for
normalized: very
normalized: specific
normalized: purposes
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: common
normalized: uses
normalized: for
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: directives
normalized: are
normalized: either
normalized: beyond
normalized: the
normalized: scope
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: unnecessary
normalized: and
normalized: bad
normalized: style
normalized: modern
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: inclusion
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: directive
normalized: often
normalized: pronounced
normalized: pound
normalized: include
normalized: should
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: program
normalized: used
normalized: literally
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: entire
normalized: contents
normalized: another
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: directive
normalized: common
normalized: include
normalized: directive
normalized: seen
normalized: the
normalized: beginning
normalized: most
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: this
normalized: directive
normalized: indicates
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: named
normalized: stdio
normalized: should
normalized: included
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: directive
normalized: replaced
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: there
normalized: limit
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: lines
normalized: that
normalized: may
normalized: included
normalized: with
normalized: this
normalized: directive
normalized: and
normalized: fact
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: included
normalized: file
normalized: may
normalized: contain
normalized: other
normalized: include
normalized: directives
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: handled
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: way
normalized: say
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: inclusions
normalized: are
normalized: nested
normalized: and
normalized: course
normalized: care
normalized: should
normalized: taken
normalized: avoid
normalized: duplicate
normalized: even
normalized: worse
normalized: recursive
normalized: nestings
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: using
normalized: stdio
normalized: above
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: two
normalized: important
normalized: points
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: itself
normalized: appears
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: characters
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: these
normalized: characters
normalized: indicates
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: enclosed
normalized: filename
normalized: should
normalized: found
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: include
normalized: directory
normalized: usr
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: required
normalized: file
normalized: then
normalized: usr
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: consistently
normalized: provide
normalized: system
normalized: wide
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: declarations
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: required
normalized: many
normalized: different
normalized: files
normalized: having
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: centrally
normalized: located
normalized: and
normalized: globally
normalized: available
normalized: all
normalized: programmers
normalized: are
normalized: guaranteed
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: and
normalized: declarations
normalized: that
normalized: they
normalized: all
normalized: require
normalized: alternatively
normalized: the
normalized: characters
normalized: may
normalized: also
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: example
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: include
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: readline
normalized: the
normalized: correct
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: because
normalized: double
normalized: quotes
normalized: are
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: sought
normalized: the
normalized: present
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: that
normalized: readline
normalized: the
normalized: filename
normalized: double
normalized: quotes
normalized: can
normalized: actually
normalized: pathname
normalized: your
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: spread
normalized: over
normalized: several
normalized: directories
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: include
normalized: includes
normalized: readline
normalized: both
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: examples
normalized: the
normalized: indicated
normalized: filename
normalized: had
normalized: the
normalized: extension
normalized: whereas
normalized: have
normalized: previously
normalized: said
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: extension
normalized: expected
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: only
normalized: convention
normalized: within
normalized: unix
normalized: the
normalized: indicates
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: because
normalized: they
normalized: generally
normalized: contain
normalized: information
normalized: required
normalized: the
normalized: head
normalized: beginning
normalized: program
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: typically
normalized: and
normalized: should
normalized: contain
normalized: only
normalized: declarations
normalized: constructs
normalized: like
normalized: data
normalized: types
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: and
normalized: constants
normalized: used
normalized: throughout
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: particular
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: should
normalized: contain
normalized: only
normalized: declarations
normalized: and
normalized: definitions
normalized: variables
normalized: functions
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: give
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: flag
normalized: identify
normalized: directory
normalized: where
normalized: can
normalized: search
normalized: for
normalized: non
normalized: standard
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: you
normalized: moved
normalized: your
normalized: includes
normalized: directory
normalized: level
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: write
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: but
normalized: then
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: where
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: such
normalized: files
normalized: mygcc
normalized: includes
normalized: readline
normalized: conditional
normalized: compilation
normalized: another
normalized: often
normalized: used
normalized: feature
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: conditional
normalized: compilation
normalized: directives
normalized: define
normalized: debug
normalized: ifdef
normalized: debug
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: when
normalized: debug
normalized: defined
normalized: else
normalized: debug
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: when
normalized: debug
normalized: not
normalized: defined
normalized: endif
normalized: debug
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: actually
normalized: includes
normalized: some
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: strips
normalized: out
normalized: other
normalized: code
normalized: before
normalized: passing
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: define
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: constant
normalized: called
normalized: debug
normalized: and
normalized: later
normalized: test
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: with
normalized: ifdef
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: use
normalized: comments
normalized: the
normalized: else
normalized: and
normalized: endif
normalized: lines
normalized: help
normalized: readability
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: example
normalized: common
normalized: approach
normalized: for
normalized: debugging
normalized: even
normalized: better
normalized: remove
normalized: the
normalized: debug
normalized: line
normalized: and
normalized: let
normalized: that
normalized: determined
normalized: the
normalized: programmer
normalized: compile
normalized: time
normalized: ifdef
normalized: debug
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: when
normalized: debug
normalized: defined
normalized: else
normalized: debug
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: when
normalized: debug
normalized: not
normalized: defined
normalized: endif
normalized: debug
normalized: mygcc
normalized: ddebug
normalized: program
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: compiles
normalized: and
normalized: behaves
normalized: differently
normalized: with
normalized: and
normalized: without
normalized: the
normalized: compile
normalized: time
normalized: switch
normalized: ddebug
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: protection
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: place
normalized: really
normalized: must
normalized: use
normalized: conditional
normalized: compilation
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: look
normalized: our
normalized: example
normalized: readline
normalized: readline
normalized: utility
normalized: function
normalized: safely
normalized: read
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: input
normalized: see
normalized: readline
normalized: for
normalized: documentation
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: ifndef
normalized: readline
normalized: define
normalized: readline
normalized: include
normalized: stdbool
normalized: extern
normalized: bool
normalized: readline
normalized: char
normalized: buf
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: len
normalized: endif
normalized: readline
normalized: the
normalized: constant
normalized: readline
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: defined
normalized: ifndef
normalized: then
normalized: incude
normalized: the
normalized: remainder
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: endif
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: thing
normalized: does
normalized: define
normalized: that
normalized: readline
normalized: thus
normalized: file
normalized: happens
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: twice
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: happen
normalized: complex
normalized: programs
normalized: when
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: include
normalized: other
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: won
normalized: see
normalized: multiple
normalized: copies
normalized: the
normalized: included
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: translate
normalized: extern
normalized: bool
normalized: readline
normalized: char
normalized: buf
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: len
normalized: extern
normalized: bool
normalized: readline
normalized: char
normalized: buf
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: len
normalized: but
normalized: just
normalized: extern
normalized: bool
normalized: readline
normalized: char
normalized: buf
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: len
normalized: the
normalized: standard
normalized: file
normalized: stdbool
normalized: protects
normalized: itself
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: which
normalized: good
normalized: because
normalized: programmer
normalized: may
normalized: well
normalized: write
normalized: into
normalized: her
normalized: file
normalized: something
normalized: like
normalized: include
normalized: stdio
normalized: include
normalized: stdbool
normalized: include
normalized: readline
normalized: and
normalized: because
normalized: readline
normalized: also
normalized: includes
normalized: stdbool
normalized: the
normalized: latter
normalized: might
normalized: get
normalized: imported
normalized: several
normalized: times
normalized: without
normalized: that
normalized: protection
normalized: why
normalized: care
normalized: some
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: can
normalized: safely
normalized: repeated
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: won
normalized: care
normalized: actually
normalized: readline
normalized: one
normalized: like
normalized: that
normalized: but
normalized: others
normalized: they
normalized: declare
normalized: global
normalized: constants
normalized: will
normalized: cause
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: complain
normalized: about
normalized: multiply
normalized: defined
normalized: variables
normalized: testing
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: you
normalized: sure
normalized: your
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: has
normalized: included
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: relevant
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: compile
normalized: compile
normalized: the
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: foo
normalized: itself
normalized: mygcc
normalized: foo
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: any
normalized: errors
normalized: probaby
normalized: because
normalized: you
normalized: forgot
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: when
normalized: done
normalized: foo
normalized: gch
normalized: clean
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: output
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: extra
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: extra
normalized: header
normalized: files
normalized: examples
normalized: are
normalized: not
normalized: yet
normalized: updated
normalized: for
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: concepts
normalized: are
normalized: still
normalized: correct
normalized: let
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: and
normalized: purpose
normalized: readline
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: was
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: recent
normalized: examples
normalized: names
normalized: arrays
normalized: strings
normalized: reading
normalized: and
normalized: copying
normalized: lines
normalized: into
normalized: array
normalized: names
normalized: scanning
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: truncating
normalized: overwriting
normalized: character
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: null
normalized: character
normalized: these
normalized: use
normalized: readline
normalized: file
normalized: defining
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: readline
normalized: used
normalized: names
normalized: readline
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: provides
normalized: prototypes
normalized: needed
normalized: any
normalized: program
normalized: wanting
normalized: use
normalized: readline
normalized: why
normalized: did
normalized: need
normalized: this
normalized: include
normalized: file
normalized: readline
normalized: because
normalized: compiled
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: readline
normalized: separately
normalized: when
normalized: compiled
normalized: names
normalized: needed
normalized: declare
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: readline
normalized: just
normalized: would
normalized: have
normalized: readline
normalized: had
normalized: been
normalized: defined
normalized: within
normalized: names
normalized: because
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: was
normalized: not
normalized: defined
normalized: within
normalized: names
normalized: though
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: needs
normalized: prefixed
normalized: with
normalized: extern
normalized: indicating
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: external
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: leaves
normalized: that
normalized: symbol
normalized: readline
normalized: unresolved
normalized: and
normalized: hopes
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: will
normalized: later
normalized: able
normalized: connect
normalized: the
normalized: actual
normalized: function
normalized: definition
normalized: when
normalized: names
normalized: linked
normalized: with
normalized: other
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: simply
normalized: typed
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: into
normalized: names
normalized: but
normalized: put
normalized: separate
normalized: file
normalized: header
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: used
normalized: the
normalized: special
normalized: compiler
normalized: directive
normalized: include
normalized: literally
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: contents
normalized: header
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: point
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: just
normalized: case
normalized: the
normalized: header
normalized: file
normalized: gets
normalized: included
normalized: multiple
normalized: times
normalized: the
normalized: pair
normalized: directives
normalized: ifndef
normalized: not
normalized: defined
normalized: and
normalized: define
normalized: define
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: body
normalized: this
normalized: file
normalized: only
normalized: processed
normalized: once
normalized: per
normalized: file
normalized: readline
normalized: utility
normalized: function
normalized: safely
normalized: read
normalized: one
normalized: line
normalized: input
normalized: see
normalized: readline
normalized: for
normalized: documentation
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: ifndef
normalized: readline
normalized: define
normalized: readline
normalized: include
normalized: stdbool
normalized: extern
normalized: bool
normalized: readline
normalized: char
normalized: buf
normalized: const
normalized: int
normalized: len
normalized: endif
normalized: readline
normalized: also
normalized: include
normalized: header
normalized: readline
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: write
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: only
normalized: one
normalized: place
normalized: and
normalized: yet
normalized: give
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: information
normalized: both
normalized: places
normalized: where
normalized: needed
normalized: and
normalized: give
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: chance
normalized: help
normalized: catch
normalized: any
normalized: inconsistencies
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: call
normalized: names
normalized: between
normalized: the
normalized: prototype
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: definition
normalized: readline
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: makefiles
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: makefiles
normalized: grab
normalized: classroom
normalized: demo
normalized: code
normalized: demo
normalized: demo
normalized: and
normalized: work
normalized: pairs
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: adds
normalized: phony
normalized: test
normalized: target
normalized: enabling
normalized: you
normalized: later
normalized: type
normalized: make
normalized: test
normalized: and
normalized: see
normalized: build
normalized: names
normalized: necessary
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: extra
normalized: more
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: profiling
normalized: performance
normalized: with
normalized: gprof
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: extra
normalized: more
normalized: gdb
normalized: and
normalized: profiling
normalized: performance
normalized: with
normalized: gprof
normalized: using
normalized: gdb
normalized: debug
normalized: core
normalized: files
normalized: something
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: likely
normalized: encounter
normalized: your
normalized: programming
normalized: endevors
normalized: the
normalized: notorious
normalized: core
normalized: dump
normalized: core
normalized: dump
normalized: really
normalized: nothing
normalized: more
normalized: than
normalized: record
normalized: the
normalized: working
normalized: memory
normalized: program
normalized: specific
normalized: point
normalized: time
normalized: usually
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: time
normalized: when
normalized: program
normalized: does
normalized: something
normalized: bad
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: doesn
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: handle
normalized: the
normalized: issue
normalized: the
normalized: computer
normalized: simply
normalized: raises
normalized: its
normalized: hands
normalized: and
normalized: says
normalized: done
normalized: killed
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: dumped
normalized: bunch
normalized: information
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: review
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: common
normalized: notice
normalized: the
normalized: segfault
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: which
normalized: refers
normalized: accessing
normalized: invalid
normalized: memory
normalized: just
normalized: happens
normalized: that
normalized: gdb
normalized: can
normalized: take
normalized: core
normalized: dump
normalized: files
normalized: input
normalized: generally
normalized: speaking
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: start
normalized: gdb
normalized: with
normalized: arguments
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: exectuable
normalized: argument
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: start
normalized: gdb
normalized: with
normalized: both
normalized: executable
normalized: program
normalized: and
normalized: core
normalized: file
normalized: specified
normalized: gdb
normalized: program
normalized: core
normalized: important
normalized: linux
normalized: has
normalized: recently
normalized: changed
normalized: the
normalized: way
normalized: core
normalized: dumps
normalized: are
normalized: produced
normalized: traditionally
normalized: when
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: crashed
normalized: with
normalized: segmentation
normalized: fault
normalized: certain
normalized: other
normalized: errors
normalized: unix
normalized: would
normalized: dump
normalized: core
normalized: that
normalized: wrote
normalized: snapshot
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: memory
normalized: into
normalized: file
normalized: called
normalized: core
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: working
normalized: directory
normalized: these
normalized: files
normalized: are
normalized: huge
normalized: programmers
normalized: users
normalized: often
normalized: don
normalized: notice
normalized: them
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: system
normalized: becomes
normalized: littered
normalized: with
normalized: droppings
normalized: huge
normalized: droppings
normalized: linux
normalized: now
normalized: dumps
normalized: core
normalized: files
normalized: central
normalized: location
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: can
normalized: managed
normalized: and
normalized: cleaned
normalized: find
normalized: your
normalized: core
normalized: files
normalized: type
normalized: coredumpctl
normalized: list
normalized: and
normalized: use
normalized: one
normalized: those
normalized: core
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: gdb
normalized: say
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: associated
normalized: with
normalized: dead
normalized: process
normalized: coredumpctl
normalized: gdb
normalized: for
normalized: more
normalized: information
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: department
normalized: wiki
normalized: page
normalized: about
normalized: core
normalized: dumps
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: usually
normalized: sufficient
normalized: debug
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: directly
normalized: and
normalized: you
normalized: really
normalized: shouldn
normalized: need
normalized: concern
normalized: yourself
normalized: with
normalized: debugging
normalized: core
normalized: files
normalized: directly
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: advantages
normalized: debugging
normalized: core
normalized: file
normalized: however
normalized: since
normalized: generally
normalized: captures
normalized: state
normalized: such
normalized: the
normalized: values
normalized: the
normalized: processor
normalized: registers
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: core
normalized: dump
normalized: information
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: processor
normalized: flags
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: set
normalized: your
normalized: configurations
normalized: and
normalized: forth
normalized: the
normalized: gprof
normalized: tool
normalized: note
normalized: these
normalized: notes
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: references
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: will
normalized: coded
normalized: you
normalized: future
normalized: assignment
normalized: the
normalized: gprof
normalized: tool
normalized: used
normalized: profile
normalized: the
normalized: runtime
normalized: performance
normalized: code
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: confident
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: bug
normalized: free
normalized: because
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: functional
normalized: problems
normalized: however
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: could
normalized: worthless
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: meet
normalized: its
normalized: performance
normalized: requirements
normalized: the
normalized: gprof
normalized: tool
normalized: execution
normalized: profiling
normalized: tool
normalized: that
normalized: useful
normalized: when
normalized: tracking
normalized: down
normalized: performance
normalized: problems
normalized: warning
normalized: gprof
normalized: doesn
normalized: always
normalized: work
normalized: well
normalized: macos
normalized: log
normalized: machine
normalized: the
normalized: lab
normalized: try
normalized: out
normalized: anecdotal
normalized: evidence
normalized: many
normalized: time
normalized: programmers
normalized: focus
normalized: getting
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: work
normalized: functionally
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: speed
normalized: this
normalized: not
normalized: always
normalized: the
normalized: most
normalized: productive
normalized: approach
normalized: design
normalized: systems
normalized: development
normalized: best
normalized: design
normalized: for
normalized: speed
normalized: needed
normalized: use
normalized: hash
normalized: table
normalized: instead
normalized: searching
normalized: long
normalized: double
normalized: linked
normalized: list
normalized: anecdote
normalized: from
normalized: andrew
normalized: campbell
normalized: recall
normalized: once
normalized: working
normalized: consultant
normalized: improving
normalized: the
normalized: performance
normalized: radio
normalized: router
normalized: the
normalized: performance
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: coded
normalized: ada
normalized: was
normalized: appalling
normalized: and
normalized: someone
normalized: head
normalized: was
normalized: about
normalized: roll
normalized: spend
normalized: probably
normalized: two
normalized: weeks
normalized: just
normalized: studying
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: very
normalized: large
normalized: system
normalized: difficult
normalized: keep
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: head
normalized: profiling
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: highlighted
normalized: the
normalized: cost
normalized: system
normalized: that
normalized: had
normalized: been
normalized: desiged
normalized: and
normalized: coded
normalized: with
normalized: excessive
normalized: number
normalized: tasks
normalized: and
normalized: rendezvous
normalized: the
normalized: cost
normalized: interprocess
normalized: communications
normalized: was
normalized: high
normalized: what
normalized: did
normalized: was
normalized: not
normalized: nice
normalized: turned
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: into
normalized: one
normalized: large
normalized: task
normalized: and
normalized: replaced
normalized: all
normalized: interprocess
normalized: communications
normalized: ipc
normalized: which
normalized: represented
normalized: system
normalized: calls
normalized: with
normalized: library
normalized: that
normalized: implemented
normalized: the
normalized: ipc
normalized: api
normalized: changed
normalized: couple
normalized: lines
normalized: code
normalized: system
normalized: lines
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: improvement
normalized: was
normalized: massive
normalized: packets
normalized: could
normalized: forwarded
normalized: from
normalized: one
normalized: radio
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: radio
normalized: under
normalized: msec
normalized: which
normalized: was
normalized: down
normalized: from
normalized: second
normalized: was
normalized: king
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: week
normalized: made
normalized: changes
normalized: tested
normalized: them
normalized: locally
normalized: desk
normalized: checked
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: closely
normalized: and
normalized: ran
normalized: first
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: guy
normalized: who
normalized: designed
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: wanted
normalized: fail
normalized: could
normalized: feel
normalized: but
normalized: when
normalized: that
normalized: router
normalized: ran
normalized: first
normalized: time
normalized: well
normalized: that
normalized: moment
normalized: will
normalized: always
normalized: remember
normalized: reward
normalized: got
normalized: design
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: system
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: was
normalized: essentially
normalized: performance
normalized: bug
normalized: the
normalized: changes
normalized: were
normalized: simple
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: problem
normalized: was
normalized: identified
normalized: took
normalized: very
normalized: radical
normalized: approach
normalized: that
normalized: ran
normalized: against
normalized: design
normalized: but
normalized: that
normalized: what
normalized: was
normalized: needed
normalized: router
normalized: that
normalized: forwarded
normalized: packets
normalized: second
normalized: intervals
normalized: was
normalized: not
normalized: going
normalized: fly
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: gprof
normalized: tool
normalized: first
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: switch
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: flags
normalized: filename
normalized: makefile
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: make
normalized: file
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: sources
normalized: list
normalized: list
normalized: crawler
normalized: util
normalized: hash
normalized: util
normalized: html
normalized: once
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: done
normalized: build
normalized: with
normalized: then
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: application
normalized: pwd
normalized: net
normalized: nusers
normalized: campbell
normalized: lab
normalized: src
normalized: crawler
normalized: crawler
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: data
normalized: now
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: ready
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: gprof
normalized: tool
normalized: gprof
normalized: crawler
normalized: gmon
normalized: out
normalized: profile
normalized: excerpt
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: the
normalized: profile
normalized: below
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: learn
normalized: lot
normalized: about
normalized: where
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: spending
normalized: time
normalized: studying
normalized: this
normalized: output
normalized: there
normalized: reasonable
normalized: amount
normalized: documentation
normalized: included
normalized: the
normalized: report
normalized: which
normalized: will
normalized: help
normalized: the
normalized: interested
normalized: person
normalized: navigate
normalized: the
normalized: report
normalized: output
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: also
normalized: lots
normalized: more
normalized: the
normalized: man
normalized: pages
normalized: flat
normalized: profile
normalized: each
normalized: sample
normalized: counts
normalized: seconds
normalized: cumulative
normalized: self
normalized: self
normalized: total
normalized: time
normalized: seconds
normalized: seconds
normalized: calls
normalized: call
normalized: call
normalized: name
normalized: removewhitespace
normalized: hash
normalized: getnexturl
normalized: normalizeurl
normalized: dadd
normalized: getaddressfromthelinkstobevisited
normalized: extracturls
normalized: updatelistlinktobevisited
normalized: make
normalized: hash
normalized: getdatawithkey
normalized: addelement
normalized: seturlasvisited
normalized: getpage
normalized: readfiletomemoryordie
normalized: file
normalized: length
normalized: cleandictionary
normalized: initdictionary
normalized: isdirectory
normalized: cleanup
normalized: initlist
normalized: the
normalized: percentage
normalized: the
normalized: total
normalized: running
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: program
normalized: used
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: cumulative
normalized: running
normalized: sum
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: seconds
normalized: accounted
normalized: seconds
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: and
normalized: those
normalized: listed
normalized: above
normalized: self
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: seconds
normalized: accounted
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: seconds
normalized: function
normalized: alone
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: major
normalized: sort
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: listing
normalized: calls
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: times
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: was
normalized: invoked
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: profiled
normalized: else
normalized: blank
normalized: self
normalized: the
normalized: average
normalized: number
normalized: milliseconds
normalized: spent
normalized: this
normalized: call
normalized: function
normalized: per
normalized: call
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: profiled
normalized: else
normalized: blank
normalized: total
normalized: the
normalized: average
normalized: number
normalized: milliseconds
normalized: spent
normalized: this
normalized: call
normalized: function
normalized: and
normalized: its
normalized: descendents
normalized: per
normalized: call
normalized: this
normalized: function
normalized: profiled
normalized: else
normalized: blank
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: this
normalized: the
normalized: minor
normalized: sort
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: listing
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: shows
normalized: the
normalized: location
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: the
normalized: gprof
normalized: listing
normalized: the
normalized: index
normalized: parenthesis
normalized: shows
normalized: where
normalized: would
normalized: appear
normalized: the
normalized: gprof
normalized: listing
normalized: were
normalized: printed
normalized: call
normalized: graph
normalized: explanation
normalized: follows
normalized: granularity
normalized: each
normalized: sample
normalized: hit
normalized: covers
normalized: byte
normalized: for
normalized: seconds
normalized: index
normalized: time
normalized: self
normalized: children
normalized: called
normalized: name
normalized: main
normalized: extracturls
normalized: updatelistlinktobevisited
normalized: getaddressfromthelinkstobevisited
normalized: seturlasvisited
normalized: getpage
normalized: isdirectory
normalized: initlist
normalized: cleanup
normalized: main
normalized: extracturls
normalized: getnexturl
normalized: getnexturl
normalized: extracturls
normalized: getnexturl
normalized: removewhitespace
normalized: getnexturl
normalized: getnexturl
normalized: removewhitespace
normalized: main
normalized: updatelistlinktobevisited
normalized: addelement
normalized: normalizeurl
normalized: seturlasvisited
normalized: updatelistlinktobevisited
normalized: addelement
normalized: getdatawithkey
normalized: dadd
normalized: make
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: lines
normalized: omitted
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: debugging
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: debugging
normalized: grab
normalized: classroom
normalized: demo
normalized: code
normalized: password
normalized: mygcc
normalized: password
normalized: password
normalized: and
normalized: work
normalized: pairs
normalized: using
normalized: gdb
normalized: track
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: that
normalized: allows
normalized: successful
normalized: authentication
normalized: when
normalized: certain
normalized: passwords
normalized: are
normalized: entered
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: able
normalized: use
normalized: gdb
normalized: show
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: located
normalized: hint
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: extra
normalized: using
normalized: git
normalized: tags
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: extra
normalized: using
normalized: git
normalized: tags
normalized: students
normalized: member
normalized: some
normalized: project
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: add
normalized: tags
normalized: your
normalized: repository
normalized: tags
normalized: are
normalized: nice
normalized: for
normalized: adding
normalized: annotations
normalized: your
normalized: history
normalized: tags
normalized: don
normalized: change
normalized: your
normalized: commit
normalized: history
normalized: but
normalized: they
normalized: can
normalized: used
normalized: sort
normalized: bookmark
normalized: often
normalized: use
normalized: tags
normalized: for
normalized: highlighting
normalized: new
normalized: versions
normalized: milestones
normalized: projects
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: submit
normalized: lab
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: that
normalized: sort
normalized: milestone
normalized: that
normalized: says
normalized: finished
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: ready
normalized: move
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: couple
normalized: weeks
normalized: months
normalized: years
normalized: from
normalized: now
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: interested
normalized: revisiting
normalized: the
normalized: state
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: had
normalized: finished
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: trying
normalized: remember
normalized: some
normalized: long
normalized: git
normalized: hash
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: last
normalized: commit
normalized: lab
normalized: and
normalized: help
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: future
normalized: selves
normalized: want
normalized: you
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: indicate
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: work
normalized: complete
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: default
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: tagname
normalized: will
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: head
normalized: your
normalized: working
normalized: tree
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: also
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: previous
normalized: commit
normalized: this
normalized: might
normalized: useful
normalized: you
normalized: charged
normalized: ahead
normalized: and
normalized: made
normalized: few
normalized: commits
normalized: but
normalized: want
normalized: back
normalized: and
normalized: mark
normalized: some
normalized: commit
normalized: the
normalized: past
normalized: with
normalized: tag
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: oops
normalized: you
normalized: accidentally
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: add
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: wrong
normalized: commit
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: always
normalized: delete
normalized: tag
normalized: using
normalized: the
normalized: flag
normalized: and
normalized: identifying
normalized: the
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: you
normalized: gave
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: oops
normalized: this
normalized: method
normalized: only
normalized: affects
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: already
normalized: pushed
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: run
normalized: specific
normalized: command
normalized: remove
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: remove
normalized: tag
normalized: oops
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: delete
normalized: origin
normalized: oops
normalized: once
normalized: you
normalized: pushed
normalized: your
normalized: tags
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: verify
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: see
normalized: any
normalized: tags
normalized: that
normalized: you
normalized: created
normalized: and
normalized: pushed
normalized: the
normalized: main
normalized: page
normalized: your
normalized: project
normalized: gitlab
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: see
normalized: buttons
normalized: for
normalized: commits
normalized: branches
normalized: and
normalized: tags
normalized: click
normalized: tags
normalized: alternatively
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: commits
normalized: icon
normalized: the
normalized: left
normalized: navbar
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: take
normalized: you
normalized: screen
normalized: where
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: browse
normalized: things
normalized: like
normalized: commits
normalized: branches
normalized: and
normalized: tags
normalized: alternative
normalized: way
normalized: delete
normalized: already
normalized: pushed
normalized: tag
normalized: visit
normalized: the
normalized: tags
normalized: page
normalized: gitlab
normalized: and
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: trash
normalized: can
normalized: icon
normalized: delete
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: that
normalized: change
normalized: affects
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: repo
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repo
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: git
normalized: pull
normalized: your
normalized: terminal
normalized: update
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: repo
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: learn
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: run
normalized: git
normalized: help
normalized: tag
normalized: actually
normalized: has
normalized: nice
normalized: section
normalized: about
normalized: how
normalized: delete
normalized: already
normalized: pushed
normalized: tags
normalized: move
normalized: tag
normalized: newer
normalized: commit
normalized: graders
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: sake
normalized: transparency
normalized: let
normalized: take
normalized: quick
normalized: look
normalized: how
normalized: graders
normalized: will
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: tags
normalized: you
normalized: create
normalized: checkout
normalized: appropriate
normalized: versions
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: will
normalized: something
normalized: akin
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: when
normalized: grade
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: submission
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: clone
normalized: the
normalized: student
normalized: repo
normalized: git
normalized: clone
normalized: url
normalized: list
normalized: any
normalized: all
normalized: existing
normalized: tags
normalized: should
normalized: hopefully
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: appropriate
normalized: submission
normalized: tag
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: git
normalized: tag
normalized: now
normalized: can
normalized: checkout
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: that
normalized: was
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: that
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: state
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: submitting
normalized: lab
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: tags
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: can
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: branch
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: base
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: the
normalized: specified
normalized: tag
normalized: the
normalized: grader
normalized: can
normalized: now
normalized: freely
normalized: edit
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: concerns
normalized: about
normalized: messing
normalized: anything
normalized: the
normalized: master
normalized: branch
normalized: git
normalized: checkout
normalized: tags
normalized: lab
normalized: submit
normalized: lab
normalized: testing
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: git
normalized: and
normalized: gitlab
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: git
normalized: and
normalized: gitlab
normalized: goals
normalized: gain
normalized: experience
normalized: with
normalized: git
normalized: and
normalized: gitlab
normalized: create
normalized: and
normalized: share
normalized: repo
normalized: within
normalized: your
normalized: team
normalized: activity
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: has
normalized: section
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: server
normalized: that
normalized: shows
normalized: similar
normalized: though
normalized: not
normalized: identical
normalized: activity
normalized: use
normalized: browser
normalized: https
normalized: gitlab
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: each
normalized: member
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: that
normalized: doesn
normalized: already
normalized: have
normalized: one
normalized: should
normalized: create
normalized: gitlab
normalized: userid
normalized: that
normalized: identical
normalized: your
normalized: login
normalized: name
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: userid
normalized: created
normalized: back
normalized: and
normalized: login
normalized: one
normalized: member
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: follow
normalized: steps
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: server
normalized: section
normalized: today
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: created
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: person
normalized: should
normalized: click
normalized: settings
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: members
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: allows
normalized: you
normalized: share
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: with
normalized: other
normalized: gitlab
normalized: users
normalized: type
normalized: the
normalized: usernames
normalized: each
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: members
normalized: and
normalized: pick
normalized: master
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: role
normalized: menu
normalized: then
normalized: click
normalized: add
normalized: project
normalized: below
normalized: adding
normalized: travis
normalized: master
normalized: binary
normalized: tree
normalized: repo
normalized: other
normalized: members
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: then
normalized: receive
normalized: email
normalized: message
normalized: confirming
normalized: their
normalized: addition
normalized: this
normalized: repo
normalized: they
normalized: should
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: link
normalized: that
normalized: message
normalized: visit
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: the
normalized: browser
normalized: all
normalized: members
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: then
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: name
normalized: right
normalized: near
normalized: the
normalized: top
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: example
normalized: binary
normalized: tree
normalized: pop
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: home
normalized: page
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: repo
normalized: important
normalized: click
normalized: the
normalized: ssh
normalized: pop
normalized: change
normalized: https
normalized: scroll
normalized: down
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: instructions
normalized: for
normalized: using
normalized: this
normalized: project
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: proceed
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: git
normalized: global
normalized: setup
normalized: commands
normalized: and
normalized: paste
normalized: them
normalized: into
normalized: terminal
normalized: window
normalized: while
normalized: you
normalized: run
normalized: two
normalized: more
normalized: commands
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: push
normalized: default
normalized: simple
normalized: git
normalized: config
normalized: global
normalized: core
normalized: editor
normalized: emacs
normalized: vim
normalized: you
normalized: prefer
normalized: emacs
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: project
normalized: since
normalized: this
normalized: brand
normalized: new
normalized: project
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: repository
normalized: your
normalized: local
normalized: computer
normalized: whether
normalized: that
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: flume
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: instructions
normalized: under
normalized: create
normalized: new
normalized: git
normalized: repository
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: clone
normalized: command
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: there
normalized: your
normalized: terminal
normalized: window
normalized: and
normalized: your
normalized: usual
normalized: workspace
normalized: for
normalized: this
normalized: class
normalized: paste
normalized: the
normalized: git
normalized: clone
normalized: command
normalized: this
normalized: command
normalized: clones
normalized: the
normalized: remote
normalized: repository
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: gitlab
normalized: into
normalized: new
normalized: subdirectory
normalized: enter
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: username
normalized: and
normalized: password
normalized: should
normalized: proceed
normalized: create
normalized: the
normalized: local
normalized: repository
normalized: one
normalized: member
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: create
normalized: and
normalized: push
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: you
normalized: prefer
normalized: plaintext
normalized: just
normalized: call
normalized: readme
normalized: the
normalized: gitlab
normalized: page
normalized: lists
normalized: the
normalized: commands
normalized: add
normalized: empty
normalized: readme
normalized: file
normalized: but
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: want
normalized: write
normalized: something
normalized: that
normalized: readme
normalized: meanwhile
normalized: other
normalized: members
normalized: the
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: each
normalized: create
normalized: file
normalized: about
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: replace
normalized: with
normalized: their
normalized: name
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: would
normalized: create
normalized: about
normalized: david
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: they
normalized: should
normalized: write
normalized: sentence
normalized: describing
normalized: themself
normalized: then
normalized: git
normalized: add
normalized: about
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: appropriate
normalized: filename
normalized: git
normalized: commit
normalized: about
normalized: editor
normalized: will
normalized: open
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: type
normalized: commit
normalized: message
normalized: git
normalized: push
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: need
normalized: enter
normalized: your
normalized: gitlab
normalized: password
normalized: back
normalized: the
normalized: browser
normalized: refresh
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: home
normalized: page
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: all
normalized: see
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: readme
normalized: you
normalized: click
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: should
normalized: see
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: people
normalized: added
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: all
normalized: members
normalized: the
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: git
normalized: pull
normalized: their
normalized: terminal
normalized: window
normalized: which
normalized: should
normalized: download
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: files
normalized: created
normalized: others
normalized: their
normalized: local
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: repo
normalized: you
normalized: now
normalized: have
normalized: shared
normalized: repo
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: tips
normalized: after
normalized: class
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: want
normalized: run
normalized: those
normalized: four
normalized: global
normalized: configuration
normalized: commands
normalized: both
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: and
normalized: flume
normalized: and
normalized: install
normalized: the
normalized: gitignore
normalized: file
normalized: both
normalized: your
normalized: laptop
normalized: and
normalized: flume
normalized: described
normalized: above
normalized: check
normalized: out
normalized: markdown
normalized: easy
normalized: learn
normalized: why
normalized: git
normalized: always
normalized: asking
normalized: for
normalized: password
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: crawler
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: crawler
normalized: goals
normalized: start
normalized: thinking
normalized: about
normalized: design
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: activity
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: informal
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: takes
normalized: three
normalized: parameters
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: for
normalized: web
normalized: page
normalized: use
normalized: starting
normalized: point
normalized: seed
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: crawl
normalized: the
normalized: maximum
normalized: depth
normalized: should
normalized: crawl
normalized: from
normalized: that
normalized: seed
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: name
normalized: directory
normalized: where
normalized: can
normalized: cache
normalized: copies
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: pages
normalized: crawls
normalized: should
normalized: start
normalized: from
normalized: given
normalized: url
normalized: called
normalized: the
normalized: seed
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: page
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: said
normalized: depth
normalized: should
normalized: explore
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: that
normalized: should
normalized: download
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: page
normalized: that
normalized: url
normalized: and
normalized: scan
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: embedded
normalized: links
normalized: urls
normalized: assume
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: given
normalized: function
normalized: that
normalized: can
normalized: pick
normalized: urls
normalized: out
normalized: html
normalized: when
normalized: exploring
normalized: page
normalized: depth
normalized: its
normalized: embedded
normalized: urls
normalized: refer
normalized: pages
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: said
normalized: depth
normalized: ignore
normalized: urls
normalized: that
normalized: don
normalized: point
normalized: html
normalized: ignore
normalized: urls
normalized: depth
normalized: greater
normalized: than
normalized: maxdepth
normalized: explore
normalized: each
normalized: non
normalized: ignored
normalized: url
normalized: downloading
normalized: its
normalized: html
normalized: and
normalized: scanning
normalized: that
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: urls
normalized: above
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: page
normalized: explores
normalized: should
normalized: create
normalized: one
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: contains
normalized: the
normalized: url
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: its
normalized: depth
normalized: the
normalized: crawl
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: html
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: page
normalized: discuss
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: could
normalized: structure
normalized: crawler
normalized: accomplish
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: goals
normalized: probably
normalized: two
normalized: nested
normalized: loops
normalized: and
normalized: leverage
normalized: your
normalized: lab
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: nginx
normalized: activity
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: tse
normalized: crawler
normalized: goals
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: over
normalized: small
normalized: website
normalized: understand
normalized: how
normalized: explores
normalized: from
normalized: page
normalized: page
normalized: activity
normalized: one
normalized: person
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: run
normalized: crawler
normalized: over
normalized: little
normalized: website
normalized: various
normalized: depths
normalized: and
normalized: try
normalized: understand
normalized: what
normalized: doing
normalized: long
normalized: command
normalized: broke
normalized: over
normalized: several
normalized: lines
normalized: demo
normalized: crawler
normalized: http
normalized: old
normalized: www
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: edu
normalized: data
normalized: tse
normalized: letters
normalized: index
normalized: html
normalized: data
normalized: another
normalized: person
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: examine
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: for
normalized: that
normalized: website
normalized: data
normalized: tse
normalized: letters
normalized: less
normalized: html
normalized: another
normalized: person
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: can
normalized: visit
normalized: the
normalized: page
normalized: your
normalized: browser
normalized: here
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: methodology
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: methodology
normalized: goals
normalized: this
normalized: lecture
normalized: introduce
normalized: simple
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: methodology
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: only
normalized: methodology
normalized: but
normalized: straightforward
normalized: and
normalized: useful
normalized: for
normalized: all
normalized: programmers
normalized: are
normalized: optimists
normalized: frederick
normalized: brooks
normalized: here
normalized: cool
normalized: source
normalized: thoughtful
normalized: maxims
normalized: for
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: the
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: andrew
normalized: hunt
normalized: and
normalized: david
normalized: thomas
normalized: addison
normalized: wesley
normalized: their
normalized: book
normalized: super
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: tip
normalized: list
normalized: available
normalized: the
normalized: web
normalized: sprinkle
normalized: some
normalized: their
normalized: tips
normalized: throughout
normalized: the
normalized: lectures
normalized: software
normalized: system
normalized: design
normalized: methodology
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: many
normalized: techniques
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: development
normalized: good
normalized: code
normalized: including
normalized: top
normalized: down
normalized: bottom
normalized: design
normalized: divide
normalized: and
normalized: conquer
normalized: breaking
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: down
normalized: into
normalized: smaller
normalized: more
normalized: understandable
normalized: components
normalized: structured
normalized: design
normalized: data
normalized: flow
normalized: oriented
normalized: design
normalized: approach
normalized: and
normalized: object
normalized: oriented
normalized: design
normalized: modularity
normalized: abstraction
normalized: and
normalized: information
normalized: hiding
normalized: for
normalized: quick
normalized: survey
normalized: these
normalized: and
normalized: other
normalized: techniques
normalized: see
normalized: survey
normalized: major
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: methodologies
normalized: author
normalized: unknown
normalized: many
normalized: these
normalized: techniques
normalized: use
normalized: similar
normalized: approaches
normalized: and
normalized: embrace
normalized: fundamental
normalized: concepts
normalized: like
normalized: abstraction
normalized: data
normalized: representation
normalized: data
normalized: flow
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: and
normalized: top
normalized: down
normalized: decomposition
normalized: from
normalized: requirements
normalized: structure
normalized: seems
normalized: unlikely
normalized: that
normalized: someone
normalized: could
normalized: give
normalized: you
normalized: steps
normalized: follow
normalized: and
normalized: assured
normalized: great
normalized: system
normalized: software
normalized: every
normalized: non
normalized: trivial
normalized: project
normalized: has
normalized: its
normalized: special
normalized: cases
normalized: unique
normalized: environments
normalized: unexpected
normalized: uses
normalized: often
normalized: best
normalized: begin
normalized: development
normalized: module
normalized: system
normalized: with
normalized: small
normalized: experiments
normalized: building
normalized: prototype
normalized: and
normalized: throwing
normalized: away
normalized: because
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: learn
normalized: and
normalized: make
normalized: mistakes
normalized: building
normalized: small
normalized: prototype
normalized: systems
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: prototype
normalized: learn
normalized: prototyping
normalized: learning
normalized: experience
normalized: its
normalized: value
normalized: lies
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: you
normalized: produce
normalized: but
normalized: the
normalized: lessons
normalized: you
normalized: learn
normalized: clarity
normalized: comes
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: experience
normalized: working
normalized: from
normalized: requirements
normalized: through
normalized: system
normalized: design
normalized: implementation
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: integration
normalized: and
normalized: customer
normalized: feedback
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: figure
normalized: shows
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: methodology
normalized: that
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: the
normalized: tinysearchengine
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: let
normalized: step
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: phases
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: shown
normalized: the
normalized: figure
normalized: above
normalized: procurement
normalized: phase
normalized: the
normalized: procurement
normalized: phase
normalized: project
normalized: represents
normalized: its
normalized: early
normalized: stages
normalized: represents
normalized: deep
normalized: discussion
normalized: between
normalized: customer
normalized: and
normalized: provider
normalized: software
normalized: systems
normalized: software
normalized: developer
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: clearly
normalized: understand
normalized: and
normalized: capture
normalized: the
normalized: customers
normalized: needs
normalized: our
normalized: case
normalized: you
normalized: are
normalized: the
normalized: provider
normalized: and
normalized: staff
normalized: are
normalized: your
normalized: customer
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: don
normalized: gather
normalized: requirements
normalized: dig
normalized: for
normalized: them
normalized: requirements
normalized: rarely
normalized: lie
normalized: the
normalized: surface
normalized: they
normalized: buried
normalized: deep
normalized: beneath
normalized: layers
normalized: assumptions
normalized: misconceptions
normalized: and
normalized: politics
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: captures
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: wants
normalized: built
normalized: typically
normalized: the
normalized: provider
normalized: and
normalized: customer
normalized: get
normalized: into
normalized: deep
normalized: discussion
normalized: requirements
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: cost
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: must
normalized: written
normalized: down
normalized: and
normalized: reviewed
normalized: both
normalized: customer
normalized: and
normalized: provider
normalized: sure
normalized: all
normalized: are
normalized: agreement
normalized: sometimes
normalized: these
normalized: documents
normalized: are
normalized: written
normalized: contractual
normalized: legal
normalized: language
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: gets
normalized: system
normalized: that
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: meet
normalized: the
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: two
normalized: parties
normalized: disagree
normalized: about
normalized: whether
normalized: the
normalized: finished
normalized: product
normalized: meets
normalized: the
normalized: spec
normalized: lawyers
normalized: may
normalized: get
normalized: involved
normalized: system
normalized: late
normalized: financial
normalized: penalties
normalized: may
normalized: arise
normalized: the
normalized: hardest
normalized: part
normalized: design
normalized: keeping
normalized: features
normalized: out
normalized: anonymous
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: requirement
normalized: spec
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: variety
normalized: requirements
normalized: typically
normalized: considered
normalized: the
normalized: shalls
normalized: such
normalized: the
normalized: crawler
normalized: shall
normalized: crawl
normalized: sites
normalized: minutes
normalized: these
normalized: requirements
normalized: include
normalized: functional
normalized: requirements
normalized: performance
normalized: requirements
normalized: security
normalized: requirements
normalized: and
normalized: cost
normalized: requirements
normalized: common
normalized: challenge
normalized: during
normalized: this
normalized: phase
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: either
normalized: doesn
normalized: know
normalized: what
normalized: she
normalized: really
normalized: wants
normalized: expresses
normalized: poorly
normalized: some
normalized: extreme
normalized: cases
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: may
normalized: not
normalized: able
normalized: provide
normalized: you
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: ultimate
normalized: intended
normalized: use
normalized: your
normalized: system
normalized: due
normalized: proprietary
normalized: security
normalized: concerns
normalized: you
normalized: must
normalized: realize
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: may
normalized: have
normalized: these
normalized: difficulties
normalized: and
normalized: iterate
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: until
normalized: you
normalized: both
normalized: are
normalized: full
normalized: agreement
normalized: one
normalized: useful
normalized: technique
normalized: provide
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: requirements
normalized: specification
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: later
normalized: specs
normalized: too
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: have
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: explain
normalized: the
normalized: spec
normalized: amazing
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: misunderstandings
normalized: and
normalized: false
normalized: assumptions
normalized: come
normalized: light
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: doing
normalized: the
normalized: explaining
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: may
normalized: address
normalized: many
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: following
normalized: issues
normalized: functionality
normalized: what
normalized: should
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: performance
normalized: goals
normalized: for
normalized: speed
normalized: size
normalized: energy
normalized: efficiency
normalized: etc
normalized: cost
normalized: goals
normalized: for
normalized: cost
normalized: system
normalized: operation
normalized: incurs
normalized: costs
normalized: compliance
normalized: with
normalized: federal
normalized: state
normalized: law
normalized: institutional
normalized: policy
normalized: compatibility
normalized: with
normalized: standards
normalized: with
normalized: existing
normalized: systems
normalized: security
normalized: against
normalized: specific
normalized: threat
normalized: model
normalized: under
normalized: certain
normalized: trust
normalized: assumptions
normalized: new
normalized: concern
normalized: system
normalized: development
normalized: the
normalized: issue
normalized: the
normalized: services
normalized: oriented
normalized: model
normalized: referred
normalized: the
normalized: cloud
normalized: software
normalized: service
normalized: infrastructure
normalized: service
normalized: etc
normalized: the
normalized: decision
normalized: whether
normalized: develop
normalized: specific
normalized: system
normalized: running
normalized: traditional
normalized: manner
normalized: build
normalized: cloud
normalized: based
normalized: solution
normalized: should
normalized: made
normalized: early
normalized: will
normalized: affect
normalized: many
normalized: the
normalized: later
normalized: stages
normalized: the
normalized: development
normalized: process
normalized: some
normalized: would
normalized: argue
normalized: about
normalized: where
normalized: needs
normalized: fit
normalized: the
normalized: methodology
normalized: but
normalized: feel
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: sooner
normalized: you
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: know
normalized: where
normalized: this
normalized: system
normalized: headed
normalized: the
normalized: better
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: make
normalized: quality
normalized: requirements
normalized: issue
normalized: involve
normalized: your
normalized: users
normalized: determining
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: real
normalized: quality
normalized: requirements
normalized: although
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: may
normalized: make
normalized: some
normalized: assumptions
normalized: this
normalized: point
normalized: your
normalized: best
normalized: interests
normalized: make
normalized: priority
normalized: remember
normalized: the
normalized: broken
normalized: window
normalized: theory
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: don
normalized: live
normalized: with
normalized: broken
normalized: windows
normalized: fix
normalized: bad
normalized: designs
normalized: wrong
normalized: decisions
normalized: and
normalized: poor
normalized: code
normalized: when
normalized: you
normalized: see
normalized: them
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: result
normalized: studying
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: requirements
normalized: and
normalized: applying
normalized: the
normalized: art
normalized: design
normalized: the
normalized: magic
normalized: with
normalized: design
normalized: team
normalized: this
normalized: phase
normalized: you
normalized: translate
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: into
normalized: full
normalized: system
normalized: design
normalized: specification
normalized: this
normalized: design
normalized: specification
normalized: shows
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: complete
normalized: system
normalized: broken
normalized: into
normalized: specific
normalized: subsystems
normalized: and
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: are
normalized: mapped
normalized: those
normalized: subsystems
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: for
normalized: system
normalized: subsystem
normalized: module
normalized: includes
normalized: user
normalized: interface
normalized: inputs
normalized: and
normalized: outputs
normalized: functional
normalized: decomposition
normalized: into
normalized: modules
normalized: dataflow
normalized: through
normalized: modules
normalized: pseudo
normalized: code
normalized: plain
normalized: english
normalized: like
normalized: language
normalized: for
normalized: logic
normalized: algorithmic
normalized: flow
normalized: major
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: testing
normalized: plan
normalized: this
normalized: last
normalized: point
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: design
normalized: test
normalized: start
normalized: thinking
normalized: about
normalized: testing
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: line
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: specification
normalized: independent
normalized: your
normalized: choice
normalized: language
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: hardware
normalized: principle
normalized: could
normalized: implemented
normalized: any
normalized: language
normalized: from
normalized: java
normalized: micro
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: run
normalized: anything
normalized: from
normalized: cray
normalized: supercomputer
normalized: toaster
normalized: implementation
normalized: phase
normalized: this
normalized: phase
normalized: turn
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: spec
normalized: into
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: then
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: modules
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: each
normalized: module
normalized: integrate
normalized: the
normalized: modules
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: them
normalized: integrated
normalized: sub
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: system
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: represents
normalized: further
normalized: refinement
normalized: and
normalized: decomposition
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: language
normalized: operating
normalized: system
normalized: and
normalized: hardware
normalized: dependent
normalized: many
normalized: cases
normalized: the
normalized: language
normalized: abstracts
normalized: the
normalized: and
normalized: out
normalized: the
normalized: equation
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: the
normalized: implementation
normalized: spec
normalized: includes
normalized: many
normalized: all
normalized: these
normalized: topics
normalized: detailed
normalized: pseudo
normalized: code
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: the
normalized: objects
normalized: components
normalized: functions
normalized: definition
normalized: detailed
normalized: apis
normalized: interfaces
normalized: function
normalized: prototypes
normalized: and
normalized: their
normalized: parameters
normalized: data
normalized: structures
normalized: struct
normalized: names
normalized: and
normalized: members
normalized: security
normalized: and
normalized: privacy
normalized: properties
normalized: error
normalized: handling
normalized: and
normalized: recovery
normalized: resource
normalized: management
normalized: persistant
normalized: storage
normalized: files
normalized: database
normalized: etc
normalized: coding
normalized: coding
normalized: often
normalized: the
normalized: fun
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: software
normalized: development
normalized: cycle
normalized: but
normalized: not
normalized: usually
normalized: the
normalized: largest
normalized: amount
normalized: time
normalized: software
normalized: developer
normalized: industry
normalized: you
normalized: might
normalized: spend
normalized: only
normalized: about
normalized: your
normalized: time
normalized: coding
normalized: perhaps
normalized: lot
normalized: more
normalized: you
normalized: startup
normalized: the
normalized: rest
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: will
normalized: dealing
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: other
normalized: phases
normalized: the
normalized: methodology
normalized: particularly
normalized: the
normalized: last
normalized: few
normalized: testing
normalized: integration
normalized: fixing
normalized: problems
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: product
normalized: and
normalized: meetings
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: team
normalized: and
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: customers
normalized: goals
normalized: during
normalized: coding
normalized: correctness
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: correct
normalized: does
normalized: work
normalized: and
normalized: error
normalized: free
normalized: duh
normalized: clarity
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: easy
normalized: read
normalized: well
normalized: commented
normalized: and
normalized: uses
normalized: good
normalized: variable
normalized: and
normalized: function
normalized: names
normalized: essence
normalized: easy
normalized: use
normalized: understand
normalized: and
normalized: maintain
normalized: clarity
normalized: makes
normalized: sure
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: easy
normalized: understand
normalized: people
normalized: with
normalized: range
normalized: skills
normalized: and
normalized: across
normalized: variety
normalized: machine
normalized: architectures
normalized: and
normalized: operating
normalized: systems
normalized: kernighan
normalized: amp
normalized: pike
normalized: simplicity
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: simple
normalized: possible
normalized: but
normalized: simpler
normalized: simplicity
normalized: keeps
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: short
normalized: and
normalized: manageable
normalized: kernighan
normalized: amp
normalized: pike
normalized: generality
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: adapt
normalized: change
normalized: generality
normalized: means
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: can
normalized: work
normalized: well
normalized: broad
normalized: range
normalized: situations
normalized: and
normalized: tolerant
normalized: new
normalized: environments
normalized: can
normalized: easily
normalized: made
normalized: kernighan
normalized: amp
normalized: pike
normalized: unit
normalized: and
normalized: sub
normalized: system
normalized: testing
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: test
normalized: your
normalized: software
normalized: your
normalized: users
normalized: will
normalized: testing
normalized: critical
normalized: part
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: process
normalized: any
normalized: development
normalized: effort
normalized: whether
normalized: you
normalized: building
normalized: bridges
normalized: software
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: modules
normalized: isolation
normalized: and
normalized: integration
normalized: testing
normalized: modules
normalized: are
normalized: assembled
normalized: into
normalized: sub
normalized: systems
normalized: and
normalized: ultimately
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: system
normalized: result
normalized: better
normalized: safer
normalized: more
normalized: reliable
normalized: code
normalized: talk
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: testing
normalized: soon
normalized: the
normalized: ultimate
normalized: goal
normalized: testing
normalized: exercise
normalized: all
normalized: paths
normalized: through
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: course
normalized: with
normalized: most
normalized: applications
normalized: this
normalized: may
normalized: prove
normalized: daunting
normalized: task
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: will
normalized: execute
normalized: small
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: branches
normalized: the
normalized: module
normalized: when
normalized: special
normalized: conditions
normalized: occur
normalized: and
normalized: newly
normalized: executed
normalized: code
normalized: paths
normalized: fail
normalized: can
normalized: really
normalized: hard
normalized: find
normalized: those
normalized: problems
normalized: large
normalized: complex
normalized: pieces
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: better
normalized: organized
normalized: and
normalized: modularized
normalized: your
normalized: code
normalized: the
normalized: easier
normalized: will
normalized: understand
normalized: test
normalized: and
normalized: maintain
normalized: even
normalized: you
normalized: write
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: tools
normalized: throughout
normalized: the
normalized: development
normalized: process
normalized: quickly
normalized: give
normalized: confidence
normalized: that
normalized: even
normalized: though
normalized: new
normalized: code
normalized: has
normalized: been
normalized: added
normalized: new
normalized: bugs
normalized: emerged
normalized: because
normalized: our
normalized: test
normalized: scripts
normalized: assured
normalized: that
normalized: integration
normalized: testing
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: incrementally
normalized: developed
normalized: put
normalized: together
normalized: and
normalized: tested
normalized: various
normalized: levels
normalized: subsystems
normalized: could
normalized: integrate
normalized: many
normalized: modules
normalized: and
normalized: sometimes
normalized: new
normalized: hardware
normalized: the
normalized: developer
normalized: will
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: integrated
normalized: system
normalized: against
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: requirements
normalized: see
normalized: there
normalized: are
normalized: any
normalized: gotchas
normalized: for
normalized: example
normalized: some
normalized: performance
normalized: requirements
normalized: can
normalized: only
normalized: tested
normalized: once
normalized: the
normalized: full
normalized: system
normalized: comes
normalized: together
normalized: while
normalized: other
normalized: commonly
normalized: used
normalized: utility
normalized: functions
normalized: could
normalized: have
normalized: performance
normalized: analysis
normalized: done
normalized: them
normalized: early
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: simulate
normalized: external
normalized: influences
normalized: well
normalized: such
normalized: increasing
normalized: the
normalized: external
normalized: processing
normalized: communications
normalized: load
normalized: the
normalized: host
normalized: system
normalized: way
normalized: see
normalized: how
normalized: your
normalized: program
normalized: operates
normalized: when
normalized: the
normalized: host
normalized: system
normalized: heavily
normalized: loaded
normalized: resource
normalized: limited
normalized: quote
normalized: the
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: again
normalized: pragmatic
normalized: programmer
normalized: tip
normalized: don
normalized: think
normalized: outside
normalized: the
normalized: box
normalized: find
normalized: the
normalized: box
normalized: when
normalized: faced
normalized: with
normalized: impossible
normalized: problem
normalized: identify
normalized: the
normalized: real
normalized: constraints
normalized: ask
normalized: yourself
normalized: does
normalized: have
normalized: done
normalized: this
normalized: way
normalized: does
normalized: have
normalized: done
normalized: all
normalized: feedback
normalized: phase
normalized: this
normalized: phase
normalized: the
normalized: design
normalized: team
normalized: sits
normalized: down
normalized: with
normalized: its
normalized: customer
normalized: and
normalized: demonstrates
normalized: its
normalized: implementation
normalized: the
normalized: customer
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: team
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: requirement
normalized: spec
normalized: and
normalized: check
normalized: each
normalized: requirement
normalized: for
normalized: completion
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: and
normalized: project
normalized: emphasize
normalized: understanding
normalized: the
normalized: requirements
normalized: the
normalized: system
normalized: want
normalized: build
normalized: writing
normalized: good
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: implementation
normalized: specs
normalized: before
normalized: coding
normalized: you
normalized: shall
normalized: apply
normalized: the
normalized: coding
normalized: principles
normalized: simplicity
normalized: clarity
normalized: and
normalized: generality
normalized: will
normalized: put
normalized: more
normalized: weight
normalized: these
normalized: move
normalized: forward
normalized: with
normalized: assignments
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: project
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: makefiles
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: more
normalized: about
normalized: makefiles
normalized: goals
normalized: another
normalized: look
normalized: makefiles
normalized: producing
normalized: and
normalized: using
normalized: library
normalized: archives
normalized: for
normalized: deeper
normalized: dive
normalized: into
normalized: make
normalized: recall
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: makefiles
normalized: recall
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: wrote
normalized: lecture
normalized: available
normalized: names
normalized: makefile
normalized: our
normalized: examples
normalized: directory
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: prog
normalized: names
normalized: objs
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: libs
normalized: phony
normalized: all
normalized: clean
normalized: all
normalized: names
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: prog
normalized: objs
normalized: cflags
normalized: objs
normalized: libs
normalized: prog
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: depend
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: readlinep
normalized: readlinep
normalized: clean
normalized: prog
normalized: dsym
normalized: let
normalized: modify
normalized: the
normalized: makefile
normalized: leverage
normalized: our
normalized: new
normalized: libcs
normalized: library
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: lab
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: adapted
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: for
normalized: use
normalized: with
normalized: library
normalized: provided
normalized: bag
normalized: resulting
normalized: file
normalized: names
normalized: one
normalized: directory
normalized: and
normalized: dropped
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: directory
normalized: peer
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: now
normalized: available
normalized: namesb
normalized: flume
normalized: demo
normalized: tree
normalized: lecture
normalized: libcs
normalized: lecture
normalized: makefile
normalized: names
normalized: libcs
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: counters
normalized: counters
normalized: file
normalized: file
normalized: file
normalized: hashtable
normalized: hashtable
normalized: jhash
normalized: jhash
normalized: makefile
normalized: memory
normalized: memory
normalized: memory
normalized: readme
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: fetch
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: internal
normalized: webpage
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: names
normalized: follows
normalized: notice
normalized: several
normalized: important
normalized: features
normalized: definition
normalized: macro
normalized: shorthand
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: name
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: library
normalized: name
normalized: where
normalized: the
normalized: library
normalized: lives
normalized: make
normalized: allows
normalized: substitute
normalized: the
normalized: value
normalized: single
normalized: letter
normalized: macro
normalized: names
normalized: without
normalized: using
normalized: parens
normalized: thus
normalized: can
normalized: use
normalized: substitute
normalized: this
normalized: directory
normalized: name
normalized: addition
normalized: the
normalized: cflags
normalized: which
normalized: tells
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: the
normalized: existing
normalized: libs
normalized: macro
normalized: meaning
normalized: libraries
normalized: used
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: link
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: math
normalized: library
normalized: the
normalized: new
normalized: llibs
normalized: macro
normalized: which
normalized: mean
normalized: local
normalized: libraries
normalized: used
normalized: tell
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: link
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: libcs
normalized: library
normalized: keep
normalized: this
normalized: separate
normalized: from
normalized: libs
normalized: because
normalized: want
normalized: inform
normalized: make
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: depends
normalized: this
normalized: library
normalized: directories
normalized: the
normalized: default
normalized: all
normalized: rule
normalized: just
normalized: clear
normalized: the
normalized: updated
normalized: prog
normalized: general
normalized: rule
normalized: which
normalized: indicates
normalized: dependence
normalized: llibs
normalized: and
normalized: also
normalized: provides
normalized: them
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: command
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: line
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: rule
normalized: which
normalized: uses
normalized: refer
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: needed
normalized: this
normalized: program
normalized: the
normalized: lack
normalized: any
normalized: rule
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: library
normalized: libcs
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: job
normalized: this
normalized: makefile
normalized: build
normalized: that
normalized: library
normalized: makefile
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: names
normalized: program
normalized: that
normalized: uses
normalized: the
normalized: bag
normalized: module
normalized: david
normalized: kotz
normalized: april
normalized: libcs
normalized: gcc
normalized: cflags
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: prog
normalized: names
normalized: objs
normalized: names
normalized: libs
normalized: llibs
normalized: libcs
normalized: phony
normalized: all
normalized: clean
normalized: all
normalized: prog
normalized: executable
normalized: depends
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: prog
normalized: objs
normalized: llibs
normalized: cflags
normalized: objs
normalized: llibs
normalized: libs
normalized: prog
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: depend
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: names
normalized: bag
normalized: file
normalized: clean
normalized: prog
normalized: dsym
normalized: producing
normalized: library
normalized: archives
normalized: what
normalized: library
normalized: file
normalized: and
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: make
normalized: one
normalized: library
normalized: file
normalized: simply
normalized: archive
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: archive
normalized: single
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: contains
normalized: collection
normalized: other
normalized: files
normalized: you
normalized: probably
normalized: downloaded
normalized: zip
normalized: tgz
normalized: dmg
normalized: files
normalized: before
normalized: those
normalized: are
normalized: various
normalized: forms
normalized: archive
normalized: inside
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: some
normalized: metadata
normalized: describing
normalized: the
normalized: enclosed
normalized: files
normalized: well
normalized: the
normalized: often
normalized: compressed
normalized: data
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: files
normalized: unix
normalized: there
normalized: specific
normalized: type
normalized: archive
normalized: used
normalized: for
normalized: coalescing
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: into
normalized: single
normalized: file
normalized: for
normalized: convenience
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: knows
normalized: how
normalized: read
normalized: files
normalized: links
normalized: any
normalized: files
normalized: that
normalized: contain
normalized: symbols
normalized: that
normalized: are
normalized: yet
normalized: unresolved
normalized: when
normalized: reaches
normalized: that
normalized: point
normalized: its
normalized: argument
normalized: list
normalized: files
normalized: when
normalized: pulls
normalized: file
normalized: pulls
normalized: that
normalized: whole
normalized: file
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: may
normalized: turn
normalized: reference
normalized: other
normalized: symbols
normalized: those
normalized: are
normalized: another
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: archive
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: loads
normalized: them
normalized: too
normalized: any
normalized: symbols
normalized: still
normalized: unresolved
normalized: after
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: file
normalized: exhausted
normalized: better
normalized: another
normalized: file
normalized: later
normalized: the
normalized: argument
normalized: list
normalized: thus
normalized: the
normalized: order
normalized: arguments
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: important
normalized: anyway
normalized: peek
normalized: inside
normalized: libcs
normalized: makefile
normalized: shows
normalized: how
normalized: build
normalized: archive
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: target
normalized: library
normalized: objs
normalized: bag
normalized: counters
normalized: file
normalized: hashtable
normalized: jhash
normalized: memory
normalized: set
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: fetch
normalized: lib
normalized: libcs
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: library
normalized: archiving
normalized: object
normalized: files
normalized: lib
normalized: objs
normalized: lib
normalized: objs
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: manipulates
normalized: archive
normalized: file
normalized: specifically
normalized: creates
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: needed
normalized: and
normalized: replaces
normalized: the
normalized: enclosed
normalized: files
normalized: with
normalized: those
normalized: its
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: thus
normalized: libcs
normalized: holds
normalized: all
normalized: those
normalized: files
normalized: which
normalized: can
normalized: show
normalized: with
normalized: flume
normalized: demo
normalized: libcs
normalized: libcs
normalized: bag
normalized: counters
normalized: file
normalized: hashtable
normalized: jhash
normalized: memory
normalized: set
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: fetch
normalized: flume
normalized: demo
normalized: libcs
normalized: building
normalized: all
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: whole
normalized: program
normalized: need
normalized: build
normalized: the
normalized: library
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: could
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: directory
normalized: above
normalized: with
normalized: two
normalized: calls
normalized: make
normalized: flume
normalized: demo
normalized: make
normalized: libcs
normalized: make
normalized: entering
normalized: directory
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: libcs
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: bag
normalized: bag
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: counters
normalized: counters
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: file
normalized: file
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: hashtable
normalized: hashtable
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: jhash
normalized: jhash
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: memory
normalized: memory
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: set
normalized: set
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: webpage
normalized: fetch
normalized: webpage
normalized: fetch
normalized: libcs
normalized: bag
normalized: counters
normalized: file
normalized: hashtable
normalized: jhash
normalized: memory
normalized: set
normalized: webpage
normalized: webpage
normalized: fetch
normalized: make
normalized: leaving
normalized: directory
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: libcs
normalized: flume
normalized: demo
normalized: make
normalized: lecture
normalized: make
normalized: entering
normalized: directory
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: lecture
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: libcs
normalized: names
normalized: names
normalized: gcc
normalized: wall
normalized: pedantic
normalized: std
normalized: ggdb
normalized: libcs
normalized: names
normalized: libcs
normalized: libcs
normalized: names
normalized: make
normalized: leaving
normalized: directory
normalized: net
normalized: class
normalized: demo
normalized: lecture
normalized: flume
normalized: demo
normalized: notice
normalized: that
normalized: all
normalized: but
normalized: one
normalized: the
normalized: gcc
normalized: commands
normalized: are
normalized: executed
normalized: make
normalized: implicit
normalized: rule
normalized: for
normalized: producing
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: file
normalized: the
normalized: final
normalized: gcc
normalized: command
normalized: actually
normalized: running
normalized: the
normalized: linker
normalized: and
normalized: not
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: its
normalized: arguments
normalized: include
normalized: names
normalized: libcs
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: math
normalized: library
normalized: this
normalized: final
normalized: command
normalized: most
normalized: the
normalized: cflags
normalized: are
normalized: irrelevant
normalized: including
normalized: the
normalized: directive
normalized: that
normalized: only
normalized: for
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: but
normalized: include
normalized: cflags
normalized: the
normalized: command
normalized: line
normalized: just
normalized: for
normalized: completeness
normalized: indeed
normalized: could
normalized: write
normalized: top
normalized: level
normalized: makefile
normalized: that
normalized: makes
normalized: those
normalized: calls
normalized: make
normalized: shown
normalized: the
normalized: the
normalized: lab
normalized: starter
normalized: kit
normalized: you
normalized: may
normalized: want
normalized: use
normalized: similar
normalized: techniques
normalized: building
normalized: common
normalized: lab
normalized: just
normalized: arrange
normalized: your
normalized: files
normalized: appropriate
normalized: directory
normalized: structure
normalized: and
normalized: think
normalized: carefully
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: path
normalized: specified
normalized: with
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: way
normalized: you
normalized: list
normalized: dependencies
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: goals
normalized: use
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: understand
normalized: when
normalized: linker
normalized: might
normalized: produce
normalized: errors
normalized: activity
normalized: examine
normalized: the
normalized: source
normalized: files
normalized: examples
normalized: seuss
normalized: shown
normalized: below
normalized: try
normalized: compile
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: why
normalized: you
normalized: get
normalized: error
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: linker
normalized: reporting
normalized: the
normalized: error
normalized: what
normalized: could
normalized: you
normalized: fix
normalized: run
normalized: gcc
normalized: seuss
normalized: which
normalized: runs
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: only
normalized: this
normalized: output
normalized: what
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: would
normalized: consume
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: output
normalized: ignore
normalized: the
normalized: lines
normalized: which
normalized: are
normalized: annotations
normalized: help
normalized: the
normalized: compiler
normalized: produce
normalized: error
normalized: messages
normalized: that
normalized: reference
normalized: the
normalized: original
normalized: file
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: line
normalized: number
normalized: notice
normalized: how
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: has
normalized: copied
normalized: everything
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: include
normalized: files
normalized: right
normalized: into
normalized: the
normalized: input
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: where
normalized: they
normalized: are
normalized: included
normalized: seuss
normalized: and
normalized: then
normalized: stripped
normalized: out
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: comments
normalized: after
normalized: class
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: extra
normalized: about
normalized: the
normalized: preprocessor
normalized: seuss
normalized: uses
normalized: thing
normalized: one
normalized: and
normalized: thing
normalized: two
normalized: include
normalized: one
normalized: include
normalized: two
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: int
normalized: fun
normalized: thing
normalized: one
normalized: thing
normalized: two
normalized: return
normalized: fun
normalized: exit
normalized: status
normalized: one
normalized: int
normalized: one
normalized: extern
normalized: int
normalized: thing
normalized: one
normalized: void
normalized: two
normalized: int
normalized: two
normalized: extern
normalized: int
normalized: thing
normalized: two
normalized: void
normalized: one
normalized: include
normalized: one
normalized: int
normalized: thing
normalized: one
normalized: void
normalized: return
normalized: one
normalized: two
normalized: include
normalized: two
normalized: int
normalized: thing
normalized: two
normalized: void
normalized: return
normalized: two
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: mid
normalized: term
normalized: feedback
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: mid
normalized: term
normalized: feedback
normalized: goals
normalized: for
normalized: students
normalized: identify
normalized: how
normalized: they
normalized: can
normalized: help
normalized: improve
normalized: their
normalized: own
normalized: learning
normalized: for
normalized: students
normalized: identify
normalized: how
normalized: they
normalized: can
normalized: help
normalized: their
normalized: group
normalized: learn
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: professor
normalized: identify
normalized: how
normalized: can
normalized: help
normalized: students
normalized: learn
normalized: activity
normalized: discuss
normalized: the
normalized: feedback
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: mid
normalized: term
normalized: survey
normalized: conducted
normalized: dcal
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: instructional
normalized: team
normalized: below
normalized: are
normalized: few
normalized: the
normalized: themes
normalized: that
normalized: came
normalized: through
normalized: loud
normalized: and
normalized: clear
normalized: things
normalized: well
normalized: compliment
normalized: each
normalized: other
normalized: respect
normalized: each
normalized: other
normalized: work
normalized: together
normalized: learn
normalized: together
normalized: all
normalized: contribute
normalized: understanding
normalized: the
normalized: task
normalized: understanding
normalized: the
normalized: material
normalized: and
normalized: devising
normalized: solution
normalized: rotate
normalized: partners
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: person
normalized: activities
normalized: explain
normalized: difficult
normalized: concepts
normalized: others
normalized: our
normalized: group
normalized: ask
normalized: each
normalized: other
normalized: questions
normalized: when
normalized: need
normalized: help
normalized: ask
normalized: questions
normalized: help
normalized: guide
normalized: others
normalized: toward
normalized: understanding
normalized: ask
normalized: our
normalized: learning
normalized: fellow
normalized: when
normalized: get
normalized: stuck
normalized: where
normalized: have
normalized: different
normalized: levels
normalized: experience
normalized: the
normalized: more
normalized: experienced
normalized: help
normalized: the
normalized: less
normalized: experienced
normalized: things
normalized: students
normalized: can
normalized: can
normalized: pay
normalized: more
normalized: attention
normalized: lecture
normalized: and
normalized: ready
normalized: engage
normalized: with
normalized: the
normalized: group
normalized: activity
normalized: can
normalized: attend
normalized: regularly
normalized: and
normalized: part
normalized: group
normalized: can
normalized: participate
normalized: more
normalized: group
normalized: activity
normalized: can
normalized: encourage
normalized: group
normalized: work
normalized: together
normalized: rather
normalized: than
normalized: independently
normalized: can
normalized: encourage
normalized: each
normalized: member
normalized: actively
normalized: contribute
normalized: can
normalized: rotate
normalized: partners
normalized: with
normalized: whom
normalized: work
normalized: can
normalized: encourage
normalized: group
normalized: rotate
normalized: the
normalized: point
normalized: person
normalized: activities
normalized: can
normalized: ask
normalized: more
normalized: questions
normalized: help
normalized: others
normalized: understand
normalized: the
normalized: activity
normalized: the
normalized: material
normalized: can
normalized: make
normalized: sure
normalized: everyone
normalized: voice
normalized: heard
normalized: can
normalized: create
normalized: groupme
normalized: slack
normalized: other
normalized: chat
normalized: group
normalized: encourage
normalized: group
normalized: communication
normalized: outside
normalized: class
normalized: can
normalized: get
normalized: know
normalized: team
normalized: better
normalized: get
normalized: together
normalized: outside
normalized: class
normalized: can
normalized: read
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: notes
normalized: and
normalized: labs
normalized: more
normalized: carefully
normalized: can
normalized: help
normalized: everyone
normalized: contributing
normalized: answers
normalized: piazza
normalized: things
normalized: the
normalized: professor
normalized: can
normalized: can
normalized: clarify
normalized: opportunities
normalized: for
normalized: help
normalized: outside
normalized: class
normalized: can
normalized: vary
normalized: how
normalized: conveys
normalized: concepts
normalized: lecture
normalized: whiteboard
normalized: work
normalized: live
normalized: coding
normalized: programs
normalized: finished
normalized: programs
normalized: class
normalized: activities
normalized: can
normalized: choose
normalized: better
normalized: more
normalized: interesting
normalized: examples
normalized: can
normalized: explain
normalized: pointers
normalized: more
normalized: clearly
normalized: can
normalized: slow
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: pace
normalized: can
normalized: speed
normalized: the
normalized: pace
normalized: can
normalized: spend
normalized: more
normalized: time
normalized: class
normalized: activities
normalized: can
normalized: spend
normalized: less
normalized: time
normalized: class
normalized: activities
normalized: can
normalized: provide
normalized: solutions
normalized: class
normalized: activities
normalized: can
normalized: ensure
normalized: the
normalized: lectures
normalized: and
normalized: notes
normalized: cover
normalized: everything
normalized: needed
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: labs
normalized: can
normalized: streamline
normalized: the
normalized: lecture
normalized: material
normalized: avoid
normalized: lecture
normalized: extras
normalized: can
normalized: clarify
normalized: the
normalized: expectations
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: lab
normalized: can
normalized: ensure
normalized: faster
normalized: turnaround
normalized: lab
normalized: grades
normalized: feedback
normalized: can
normalized: ensure
normalized: section
normalized: leaders
normalized: are
normalized: better
normalized: prepared
normalized: for
normalized: sections
normalized: can
normalized: reconsider
normalized: the
normalized: policies
normalized: attendance
normalized: and
normalized: assigned
normalized: seating
normalized: can
normalized: reconsider
normalized: the
normalized: assigment
normalized: groups
normalized: start
normalized: term
normalized: other
normalized: observations
normalized: the
normalized: classroom
normalized: furniture
normalized: arrangement
normalized: not
normalized: conducive
normalized: lecture
normalized: class
normalized: activities
normalized: are
normalized: helpful
normalized: some
normalized: students
normalized: out
normalized: class
normalized: coding
normalized: how
normalized: students
normalized: learn
normalized: best
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: unit
normalized: testing
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: simple
normalized: one
normalized: function
normalized: jhash
normalized: module
normalized: used
normalized: lab
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: comprises
normalized: jhash
normalized: and
normalized: jhash
normalized: and
normalized: implements
normalized: the
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: function
normalized: below
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: list
normalized: all
normalized: the
normalized: tests
normalized: good
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: should
normalized: run
normalized: against
normalized: this
normalized: unit
normalized: can
normalized: you
normalized: spot
normalized: the
normalized: bug
normalized: just
normalized: noticed
normalized: one
normalized: overlooked
normalized: before
normalized: you
normalized: have
normalized: time
normalized: download
normalized: the
normalized: above
normalized: files
normalized: copy
normalized: them
normalized: public
normalized: html
normalized: labs
normalized: lab
normalized: starter
normalized: hashtable
normalized: jhash
normalized: extend
normalized: jhash
normalized: with
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: like
normalized: those
normalized: saw
normalized: demonstrated
normalized: class
normalized: today
normalized: you
normalized: can
normalized: include
normalized: unittest
normalized: and
normalized: copy
normalized: that
normalized: file
normalized: from
normalized: examples
normalized: unittest
normalized: for
normalized: your
normalized: testing
normalized: unsigned
normalized: long
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: str
normalized: unsigned
normalized: long
normalized: mod
normalized: str
normalized: null
normalized: return
normalized: size
normalized: len
normalized: strlen
normalized: str
normalized: unsigned
normalized: long
normalized: hash
normalized: for
normalized: hash
normalized: len
normalized: hash
normalized: str
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: hash
normalized: return
normalized: hash
normalized: mod
normalized: include
normalized: unittest
normalized: int
normalized: main
normalized: start
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: jhash
normalized: expect
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: null
normalized: expect
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: expect
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: expect
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: expect
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: expect
normalized: jenkinshash
normalized: this
normalized: very
normalized: long
normalized: string
normalized: and
normalized: will
normalized: make
normalized: hard
normalized: read
normalized: this
normalized: test
normalized: fortunately
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: does
normalized: not
normalized: care
normalized: end
normalized: test
normalized: case
normalized: return
normalized: test
normalized: result
normalized: endif
normalized: unit
normalized: test
normalized: did
normalized: not
normalized: test
normalized: the
normalized: mod
normalized: case
normalized: because
normalized: don
normalized: want
normalized: crash
normalized: the
normalized: program
normalized: fix
normalized: that
normalized: bug
normalized: changing
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: lines
normalized: the
normalized: function
normalized: str
normalized: null
normalized: mod
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: moved
normalized: permanently
normalized: nginx
normalized: activity
normalized: design
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: design
normalized: tse
normalized: indexer
normalized: review
normalized: the
normalized: indexer
normalized: requirements
normalized: spec
normalized: what
normalized: data
normalized: structure
normalized: would
normalized: good
normalized: representation
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: inverted
normalized: index
normalized: allows
normalized: maps
normalized: from
normalized: words
normalized: document
normalized: ids
normalized: given
normalized: word
normalized: which
normalized: documents
normalized: contain
normalized: that
normalized: word
normalized: and
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: document
normalized: you
normalized: want
normalized: know
normalized: how
normalized: many
normalized: times
normalized: did
normalized: that
normalized: word
normalized: appear
normalized: that
normalized: document
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: set
normalized: intersection
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: set
normalized: intersection
normalized: review
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: note
normalized: also
normalized: set
normalized: iterate
normalized: makefile
normalized: shows
normalized: how
normalized: construct
normalized: the
normalized: union
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: discuss
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: construct
normalized: the
normalized: intersection
normalized: two
normalized: sets
normalized: very
normalized: analogous
normalized: but
normalized: bit
normalized: trickier
normalized: found
normalized: that
normalized: the
normalized: itemfunc
normalized: needed
normalized: pointer
normalized: each
normalized: set
normalized: not
normalized: just
normalized: the
normalized: one
normalized: set
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: above
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: this
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: coupling
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: coupling
normalized: with
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: take
normalized: look
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: code
normalized: and
normalized: comment
normalized: its
normalized: naming
normalized: cohesion
normalized: and
normalized: coupling
normalized: the
normalized: code
normalized: reproduced
normalized: below
normalized: pseudo
normalized: code
normalized: from
normalized: calendar
normalized: datebook
normalized: application
normalized: typedef
normalized: struct
normalized: date
normalized: date
normalized: typedef
normalized: struct
normalized: calendar
normalized: calendar
normalized: typedef
normalized: struct
normalized: event
normalized: event
normalized: given
normalized: one
normalized: date
normalized: compute
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: date
normalized: account
normalized: for
normalized: leap
normalized: years
normalized: etc
normalized: date
normalized: date
normalized: next
normalized: date
normalized: day
normalized: compute
normalized: the
normalized: number
normalized: days
normalized: from
normalized: this
normalized: date
normalized: until
normalized: that
normalized: date
normalized: int
normalized: date
normalized: computedaysuntil
normalized: const
normalized: date
normalized: this
normalized: const
normalized: date
normalized: that
normalized: return
normalized: current
normalized: date
normalized: date
normalized: date
normalized: today
normalized: void
normalized: print
normalized: calendar
normalized: void
normalized: calendar
normalized: print
normalized: calendar
normalized: cal
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: month
normalized: name
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: names
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: row
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: dates
normalized: that
normalized: row
normalized: print
normalized: calendar
normalized: void
normalized: calendar
normalized: print
normalized: calendar
normalized: cal
normalized: int
normalized: which
normalized: date
normalized: day
normalized: which
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: month
normalized: name
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: day
normalized: names
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: row
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: dates
normalized: that
normalized: row
normalized: else
normalized: which
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: month
normalized: name
normalized: day
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: day
normalized: number
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: events
normalized: occurring
normalized: that
normalized: day
normalized: print
normalized: calendar
normalized: void
normalized: calendar
normalized: print
normalized: calendar
normalized: cal
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: month
normalized: name
normalized: day
normalized: name
normalized: and
normalized: day
normalized: number
normalized: foreach
normalized: event
normalized: occurring
normalized: that
normalized: day
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: time
normalized: the
normalized: event
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: type
normalized: event
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: description
normalized: the
normalized: event
normalized: void
normalized: doprintbook
normalized: calendar
normalized: cal
normalized: const
normalized: char
normalized: intro
normalized: image
normalized: frontcover
normalized: image
normalized: backcover
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: frontcover
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: intro
normalized: foreach
normalized: month
normalized: foreach
normalized: day
normalized: that
normalized: month
normalized: calendar
normalized: print
normalized: cal
normalized: day
normalized: print
normalized: the
normalized: backcover
normalized: calendar
normalized: thecalendar
normalized: the
normalized: calendar
normalized: use
normalized: below
normalized: void
normalized: initialize
normalized: string
normalized: filename
normalized: window
normalized: window
normalized: initialize
normalized: thecalendar
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: event
normalized: read
normalized: from
normalized: the
normalized: file
normalized: add
normalized: event
normalized: the
normalized: calendar
normalized: initialize
normalized: the
normalized: window
normalized: create
normalized: some
normalized: buttons
normalized: the
normalized: window
normalized: current
normalized: date
normalized: today
normalized: display
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: day
normalized: window
normalized: look
normalized: for
normalized: any
normalized: events
normalized: the
normalized: next
normalized: hour
normalized: pop
normalized: dialog
normalized: box
normalized: for
normalized: each
normalized: such
normalized: event
normalized: update
normalized: cal
normalized: window
normalized: void
normalized: update
normalized: date
normalized: today
normalized: window
normalized: window
normalized: check
normalized: the
normalized: current
normalized: time
normalized: look
normalized: through
normalized: thecalendar
normalized: eventlist
normalized: for
normalized: events
normalized: date
normalized: today
normalized: some
normalized: events
normalized: are
normalized: now
normalized: the
normalized: past
normalized: change
normalized: their
normalized: state
normalized: past
normalized: update
normalized: today
normalized: events
normalized: the
normalized: window
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: query
normalized: expressions
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: query
normalized: expressions
normalized: consider
normalized: the
normalized: query
normalized: syntax
normalized: for
normalized: the
normalized: querier
normalized: think
normalized: about
normalized: expressions
normalized: and
normalized: accumulators
normalized: from
normalized: class
normalized: discuss
normalized: how
normalized: you
normalized: would
normalized: parse
normalized: and
normalized: evaluate
normalized: query
normalized: expressed
normalized: the
normalized: tse
normalized: query
normalized: syntax
normalized: you
normalized: need
normalized: this
normalized: for
normalized: lab
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
normalized: activity
normalized: networking
normalized: with
normalized: tcp
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: activity
normalized: networking
normalized: with
normalized: tcp
normalized: grab
normalized: copy
normalized: the
normalized: example
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: code
normalized: examples
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: examples
normalized: client
normalized: server
normalized: one
normalized: person
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: run
normalized: the
normalized: server
normalized: and
normalized: the
normalized: others
normalized: your
normalized: group
normalized: should
normalized: connect
normalized: and
normalized: write
normalized: some
normalized: encouraging
normalized: remarks
normalized: what
normalized: happens
normalized: when
normalized: several
normalized: you
normalized: connect
normalized: the
normalized: same
normalized: server
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
